unity :: agreement on german unity fund
significance :: you notice the significance of this evidence, gentlemen, said bob southwell.
senior :: the message added: the district council has taken legal advice from senior counsel who have confirmed that the district council did have a case which it could competently pursue against the local paper.
auditorium :: could he hear laughter from the auditorium?
and :: put in a great deal of their time erm going to work and that could be working for er a european or an american right, er some sort of help in the house, or in the garden or whatever, so you had the men doing the same sort of tasks the housework as it were for europeans and americans and the women looking after the, the economic development of that little
item :: tiny banknotes have always been the most traditional item at the fair.
jorasses :: lafaille solos new route on jorasses
been :: the expression of output in the form of performance indicators (see chapter 10), which were to have been quantitative wherever possible, has caused considerable problems.
surprising :: most broilers experience very little stimulation during their seven weeks on the farm and it is not surprising that they find the sudden changes when they are caught and transported extremely frightening.
anyway :: if she was wise she did, anyway.
major :: but if, having served a term in purgatory, if having had the chance to try his arguments on other philosophers, hegel was not unrepentant, he might agree that there was perhaps something in the alternative view: that each of the factors affecting historical development does have its own authenticity; that they act upon and react to one another; that from time to time this or that factor will take on a greater or lesser importance; that of course with a nod in the direction of marx at least since the neolithic age and the development of agriculture the mode of production has been a major factor; and that the actions of particular men, marx among them, have in fact been formative, changing not merely the degree of development of a kind already prescribed by a programme of social evolution, but the kind of development itself.
this :: it's this werner business, bodo.
his :: his neighbour always wore grey overalls when he went to work.
some :: yes so i'll get hold of some
health :: erm i can't remember whether occupation or health c i think health comes next doesn't it?
is :: is that a hat or a boat?
good :: and the periods of of being good are getting longer.
but :: but the young man's grip was firm, his skin surprisingly warm.
on :: apart from the obvious importance of this relationship on the world stage, it has been a decisive shaping influence on the nature of japan herself.
gets :: rhm gets toasting
was :: so that was a strange thing too, with this er alphabetical thing.
voyage :: at first our voyage went well.
to :: variable power means that you can adjust the wattage to control the amount of suction useful when cleaning delicate items such as upholstery and curtains.
days :: ask anyone who has lugged 70lbs of camera gear and an aluminium ladder around paris to cover 80 fashion shows in 10 days.
meant :: the deception was meant to facilitate the end result.
letter :: in addition, while referring in his letter to his interpretation of s 74(a), icta 1988, the inspector of taxes completely ignores the provisions of s 401, icta 1988.
glanced :: she trailed off and, feeling her cheeks redden, she glanced up to find david's eyes on her.
rejoices :: scawsby, he murmured, is he the murderer or just a spiteful man who rejoices in the humiliation of others?
the :: the sheer size of the dark, lean, muscled male body made her throat dry in panic.
sideslipped :: i sideslipped most of the way.
oh :: oh, there'll be some things happening on election night.
rivalries :: in his acceptance speech he called on delegates to work to overcome the rivalries which had traditionally split the country's communist movement and invited all left-oriented people to join the new party.
constance :: how distasteful, said constance.
be :: what he knows about these things would be great.
ordinator :: the announcement was made at a seminar for coaches, organised by the scu and the scottish sports council's teamsport cricket co-ordinator, iain kennedy, held in dundee last weekend at which the former england team manager, mickey stewart, was present.
for :: he believes there is now a need for a more precise method of monitoring crack abuse nationally, similar to the dawn (drug awareness warning network) method, used in the united states, which compiles statistics through information taken from hospitals.
'm :: yes, i'm sure you did.
of :: in 1919, the bells were re-cast and re-hung in a new frame with a treble bell added, making a new peal of six bells, this was part of the memorial of 191418 war.
tony :: tony sumner/ti executive director
cash :: the cabinet also agreed to reduce cash allocations and other benefits to new immigrants, to reduce child allowances and to implement a 2 per cent across-the-board cut in spending by all ministries except defence.
rack :: details of the type of the room, rates and equipment remain permanently in the rack.
11.2 :: 11.2% of state budget is allocated to health care;
includes :: (this includes those in french and german.
fertilization :: 2.1.2 in vitro fertilization
ribosomal :: sir phylogenetic comparison of complete small-subunit ribosomal rna (rrna) sequences have changed well-established ideas about early events in the evolution of eukaryotes.
as :: you do not have a property investment market so much as a lease investment market.
so :: there was so much to be done.
quantities :: pour equal quantities of each into a tall glass filled with ice.
something :: but she sent her something.
heady :: on the contrary his heart may be gladdened by the new and heady sense of actuality that accompanies this type of study.
usual :: moore gives some interesting twists to usual utilitarian themes.
naturally :: learning in the primary school is seamless and activities in history will merge naturally into work in art, technology, drama, and so on.
phone :: you know me mr and all these phone numbers.
may :: of course you may, frau nordern said.
solids :: by further subdivision semi-regular solids of increasing variety can be devised.
principle :: the extent of damage principle is also illustrated by the egg shell skull rule.
it :: airbrush though isn't it?
we :: we all have the right:
swindon :: glenn hoddle/swindon manager
a :: i was lucky, thin as a rail and never hungry.
control :: the church control of ace schemes was an issue of concern for many people.
after :: senior tories in cheltenham were trying yesterday to persuade mr john taylor to remain as their prospective parliamentary candidate after his failure to become the first black tory mp.
's :: jenny's voice was still muffled.
in :: on 28 april alexander was instructed to seize the whole of venezia giulia, except for zadar in the south.
into :: alternatively, strata will later be discovered that appear to fall into the time gap between the two stages.
cousin :: it's all right, laura had assured her quickly, instinctively knowing the reason for her cousin's distress.
hide :: i've got nothing to hide.
studio :: read in studio
offering :: the person offering the communication is, of course, just as much part of the message as the words that are uttered.
mp :: black mp on front bench.
undertow :: no, katherine, he said evenly but with an undertow of insistence.
prevent :: brush in the sand on a dry day to prevent it sticking.
concerning :: most editions carried stories stressing the amount of money being spent on improving conditions for africans in the country, and special attention was given to items concerning stories about the funds provided for health and education by the colonial development and welfare fund and other british official sources.
heavily :: john roy stewart, he said, sitting down heavily.
sigarup :: sigarup said that three sheep had died there was some disease.
inside :: now he needed desperately to be rooted deep inside her.
has :: on the soviet side, the main figure is a young economist, grigori yavlinsky, who has no formal job in the soviet government but was the originator of the shatalin plan for radical economic change.
're :: ) they're always on their toes, ready to respond to the slightest provocation, ready to defend the little they possess (a football end, a pub, a street, a reputation).
clear :: other recommendations included the complete withdrawal of allegations against detainees held without trial with a clear and unequivocal apology for the wrongs they have suffered and financial compensation for all victims of abuse whether or not it had been proved that they were agents of the south african government.
subject :: subject: bravo declan again!
furthermore :: furthermore, what is meant by economic development has also changed.
she :: she's always been one to surround herself with young bucks.
sugar :: shareholders of sugar group tate lyle should soon be piling on the pounds, and to hell with the calories.
papers :: there's more 10,000 to be won each week in the daily mirror and a chance to win even more prizes in in our sister papers, the sunday mirror and the people.
made :: the elms of the wilderness have made coffins, if they were not too old.
teaching :: for example, the xs representation of teaching, , ( teaching ) is first expanded into the forms shown in 1 9:
aid :: christian aid conference, scottish churches' house, dunblane.
alcohol :: incontinence is another problem that can begin by excessive alcohol intake.
agent :: and changed my agent.
telling :: now there's no way of telling inside the database where that incorrect data has come from.
glass :: edis travelled 2,000 miles in 1919, taking as recommended a grand dress for formal dinners and one large field camera capable of taking 10 8 pictures, with a 7 5 camera for backup, a little folding kodak and enough glass plates to produce the 200 plates agreed with the war museum.
season :: well you said or else they'll in the league this season.
likely :: another likely development will be a global paging system.
her :: not, in all probability, quite the meaning of active citizenship mrs thatcher and her ministers have intended.
extracellular :: they are stored within the basal membrane or extracellular matric and released in an active form to stimulate tissue repair and healing.
laugh :: like to laugh, me.
majority :: the majority of these organisations are london based.
weird :: i need a really simple room to sleep in, 'cos if i sleep with things overhanging or weird, too complicated visual stuff, my eyes open and they make things out of it.
warned :: oldham boss joe royle has warned his players to be ready for a revenge raid when leeds united cross the pennines tonight.
mean :: i mean it's the same kind of thing isn't it?
sister :: i'm his sister, so i can be blunt about it.
others :: it does not seem to take into account that many people may be quite grateful to have restrictions imposed on their sexual behaviour, while others can perfectly well get on with what they want to do and keep quiet about it.
they :: would they go in better in another little
environment :: running parallel to the changes in the legislative framework, there is a change in the relationship between schools and their immediate environment.
have :: have i discovered?
verdict :: of the contenders lining up to replace me it's hard to give a definitive verdict.
drowning :: she was drowning so she had to
lo :: she lo , i mean she's a lovely girl though!
discovery :: on returning to the study, she told uncle albert of her discovery.
social :: scientists, they argue, have interests in defining normality and deviance, health and disease, in terms of genetics rather than social or environmental conditions.
wild :: airlines still carry wild birds
john :: chairman john kerr said he was absolutely delighted that the former west ham pair had agreed the fresh deal.
banged :: a door banged, echoing across the empty bay, and footsteps clattered towards them.
come :: now she's moved into a home near some of her family after ten years of severe physical disability, which she's had to come to terms with.
read :: read in studio
were :: we were still in the air force, postings could come out of the blue at any time, so every hour we could spend together was important.
'll :: that'll be february's payment yeah no
chairman :: today's call for an inquiry was yesterday backed by toy retailers chairman philip goodall.
spain :: most was melted down and shipped back to spain.
31 :: cork defeated louth 31 in the other semi.
failed :: here, too, the word spinster evokes an ugly, lonely woman who has failed to get her man.
side :: somehow i must have missed the original lps (or perhaps they were never released this side of the atlantic), but here are jean-pierre rampal, isaac stern, yo-yo ma mixing it up with japanese instrumentalists, playing traditional oriental music alongside pieces by yamada, miyagi, and yoshizawa, amongst others.
such :: it is pathetic to see bedivere the bold in such a state.
out :: if so, you must be about a hundred years out of date.
must :: as a theory of existence it is implausible and defective, and must be rejected.
with :: but, with his height, it was enough.
body :: she watched his hands on the wheel, wanting them touching her, stroking her skin, caressing her body and making it come alive.
old :: old ref no:
can :: in addition, although the test of incorporation is generally objective, special steps may be necessary where the person seeking to rely on the terms knows that the other person is under a disability; for instance, that he cannot read the language in which the terms are printed (geier v kujawa 1970 1 lloyd's rep 364).
lorry :: (lorry driver's wife)
then :: to the extent that sex is in the head, then johnny needs the head.
crown :: rivalry with france was one theme in the centuries of empire to come, but after the loss of calais the english concentrated on capturing french colonies or in restraining french attempts to dominate europe rather than on trying to make anything substantial out of the nominal claim to the french crown that english kings asserted until 1801.
behind :: highlights have been the visit of mr j. scott morgan with his book on the bishop's castle railway, and much work behind the scenes in connection with the proposed museum.
all :: we were all very inexperienced when the situation arose.
know :: you know i couldn't get rid of it
middleton :: castleford hit back when simon middleton raced over to close the gap to six points.
during :: if he did come home during the week, it was late at night, and he fell into bed and slept, exhausted.
you :: have you heard her sing?
gamble :: coach bobby fulton admitted great britain are favourites for the world cup on october 24 and said: it's a gamble conceding home advantage.
twenty :: er it was, and he was only paying him twenty two pound a week at the time.
power :: the lord's power to remove the inhabitants of a village varied from place to place.
accept :: to do this we often have to use information that traditional phonemic theory would not accept as relevant we must consider spelling.
unions :: the first stage of the attack on the muddled policy involved reducing the power of the trade unions, especially the public sector unions, who were thought to dominate the welfare state itself.
no :: no, going on holiday
moses :: it was re-enacted with the murder of moses and of jesus.
sign :: you see that sign up there?
16 :: however, a survey by the controller of scottish local authorities suggests that the council tax will cost as much as 84 per cent of the poll tax, a saving of 16 per cent.
up :: even when your children grew up they still made demands.
absorption :: this results in a catarrhal enteritis with impairment of digestion and absorption.
presently :: presently she slid her hand away and wiped it furtively on the upholstery of the seat beside her.
april :: the conservatives vowed in their election manifesto last april to legislate to bring scots law on carrying knives into line with that in england and wales.
other :: 1 the other agents numbers?
hyde :: but nonetheless the literal translation i understand is that people who are dutch citizens in this country should contact the er ambassador at thirty eight hyde park gate and seek the relevant forms in order to register for the election and vote in the u k and i hope our friends er in in the binnenhoff have taken that a little more seriously than appears to have been the case in in the home office.
spectacle :: jaq summoned a different half-facet, the scene close to the customs house, which quite belied the spectacle of ruin within much of vasilariov.
whose :: ingenious pope ! whose better skill
rivers :: detecting the scent of their natal stream in the waters flowing into the ocean causes the salmon to head inland, struggling up steep rivers or even rapids to reach the smells of home.
've :: yeah, the only other place we've got josephine's immersion
spaceship :: the stranded spaceship (a) children as crew of spaceship, teacher as alien, going to the crew, asking for help: i admit that we've tried to steal your spaceship.
speech :: yazoooo! one of scouts from quinspirus cried in his hive patois, courteous and reverend speech forgotten in the heat of the moment, and imperial gothic neglected.
industrial :: department of industrial relations and management studies
school :: i missed a lot of school.
faint :: rainbow's faint protests cut no ice.
bought :: grove house in bawtry, three 17th-century cottages combined as one house in the 18th century, has been bought and restored as a private house.
order :: organization at the grassroots level was clearly the most urgent need in order to reach remote starving villages, yet in tsaritsyn as in other gubernii no local relief committees were set up at the uezd and volost' levels until october 1921, that is, over two months after the formation of the guberniia committee.
implicit :: it also developed his implicit warnings against the dangers of political extremism.
lenses :: once you have a pair you can link up with any of the nine interchangeable lenses in the supervisor range.
my :: after the shop girl stopped giggling at my enquiry, she explained, handkerchief on mouth, that brack loaves with rings inside are a halloween tradition.
i :: i've been given the brush
innit :: yeah that's the trouble innit?
appeared :: however, i think that the evil would not have appeared through violent fighting and killing, but through spiteful arguments and petty fights.
shipments :: the issues of weapons shipments, attempts to achieve a ceasefire in el salvador, and the stalled demobilisation of the contras were expected to dominate the two-day summit, which mr arias described at the weekend as critical to the future of the peace process.
enterprises :: indeed the agribusinessmen who typically control such enterprises, are often impatient with any time-consuming involvement in the non-working lives of their employees.
scepticism :: brian cox's initial scepticism about the arty, crafty notion of taking king lear to broadmoor was in the event replaced by respectful admiration.
vessel :: the united kingdom stated, in limine, that the nationality of the owner of the vessel was generally recognised in international law and in the practice of states as the principal criterion for establishing the necessary link between the flag state and the vessel.
down :: but i don't lie down i just carry on walking.
deal :: the official court documentation will simply deal with the disposition of the case.
not :: now we know it was not, his best friend had said.
put :: where have i put it?
there :: if there is a likelihood of reinfection, use of the fungicidal cream as a lubricant during intercourse or intercourse after insertion of a fungicidal pessary are relatively painless methods of treating the male sexual partner.
whalley :: bands flocked to the bedsits of whalley range and didsbury.
that :: er that's ring for repeat and wh what we'd do is give you three monthly repeats,
are :: hold on, just go up the doors are open, i'll put the light on in a minute, we will won't we, yes we will, he's had a whole bottle of milk and a whole bottle of juice today, you are doing well aren't we?
wastes :: although plastic pipe has been widely used for wastes and drains, until recently it has not been suitable for hot water.
if :: i could sell those if it's permitted.
table :: the waiter was hovering by their table.
silence :: inside the room, tense silence reigned.
wane :: as the moon completes its orbit it seems to shrink or wane through the phases of gibbous, half moon and crescent , back to new moon.
day :: each night before falling asleep he would cross out the offending day like a prisoner making scratch marks on a wall.
spirit :: but oh, if i might have this ability to impart the holy spirit!
he :: it was a well-rehearsed routine (he must practise in front of the mirror at home).
fresh :: richard used a new toothbrush which martin had been saving fresh from the cellophane.
jack :: the officer stood up and walked over to where jack was standing.
dan :: dan air taken over by british airways
wilson :: as sperber and wilson (1986) show, the fact that there is no single interpretation for a text or utterance does not mean that interpretation is not constrained at all.
see :: i just wanted to see whether you were asleep.
second :: that was coyle's second goal, the first coming when he took a perfectly angled pass from lawrence, and from the classic inside-right position stroked the ball to the net via the base of goram's right-hand post.
your :: you must sink your differences,
bathroom :: the king's bathroom.
means :: means either savedvalues.top.calibmeas or savedvalues.btm.calibmeas.
goes :: when the farmer has finished he sits down and goes to sleep and begins counting to 100.
gissa :: gissa job bid by axed chief
little :: there's a little bit more to eat dad, if you're interested.
under :: the referee gets the game under way, pisa kick off, they're gonna be attacking the lane end.
allowance :: i'd like that allowance to be related very much to how much everybody thinks the work's going to be er, going to cost which is initially worked out by the estimator.
professional :: you know, harry, i get the impression he takes far more than a professional interest in alice.
over :: some bricks over here.
practice :: in practice, making these tapes is a minefield, and many believe, a moral minefield too.
do :: i mean, i know how to do it, it's just that i don't know what to do.
catch :: i catch it.
abel :: abel was a shepherd and cain was a farmer.
impossible :: a gamma spectrometer cannot be used because a hole about 5 cm in diameter is required for the probe; it is extremely hard work to drill the 1 cm hole needed for a capsule, and anything larger would be impossible!
same :: it is refreshing, therefore, to find this new journal devoted to micrographics and electronic information transfer is available as a microfiche at the same time as the printed version.
schools :: labour members should consider what is said in the parents charter about inspection of schools in wales.
base :: then it should be sunk into the gravel or sand base of the main tank.
living :: the 60 interviewees were then asked to state how many of their five closest friends (of the same sex and living in the same township) regularly used heroin during the year in question.
clothes :: i can make children's clothes
biles :: aliquots of egg lecithin were placed into a glass test tube and flushed to dryness under a stream of nitrogen at 37c, and subsequently lyophylised for 18 hours (biles 37).
independent :: the true aquarian is said to be friendly, progressive, creative, inventive, independent, original, tolerant, refined, artistic, discreet, optimistic and fond of science and literature.
n't :: have you had enough, you've eat quite a lot haven't you?
half :: and instead of er having half day every day cos there were no prospects of, of much stuff coming through, they'd say well we'll all have two weeks off each.
lane :: lord lane said it would be unlawful to detain a child for such period or periods or in such circumstances as to take it outside the realm of reasonable parental discipline.
edward :: i needed a break as much as edward.
possible :: and for as long as possible.
what :: somehow if i could only know what he was doing and who he was seeing, that gave me some kind of control over the situation.
more :: the old lady was becoming more confused, and often failed to recognise anne but she allowed her to make a meal for her.
ok :: there, there it's ok.
only :: with both railways only ten miles apart, however, it makes the sdr figures all the more remarkable because both have been subject to the same local economic situation and relative decline in tourist numbers.
hattersley :: since 1979, there has been an increase of 15,000 uniformed officers, whereas their numbers were cut under the right hon. member for birmingham, sparkbrook (mr. hattersley).
perhaps :: if we can ask you to man the telephones for us and take part in a studio discussion, perhaps
nicandra :: then, they were as young as nicandra and lalage.
gage :: a clergyman's gage.
factors :: the actual local correction factors that are supplied by the institute are calculated by themselves.
radiation :: it does not, of course, follow that the radiation and extinction of the monophyletic units known as clades do not have deterministic explanations.
back :: the girl unlocked the handcuffs and pushed harald and carl back to their seats.
downstairs :: and they use the whole of the house, you know there's the downstairs, that little room that you saw.
work :: this research examines the face-to-face communications between teachers and children in primary classrooms, in order to understand better the ways in which teachers and children develop a shared understanding of the work they are doing in class.
from :: six up from the first leg
sure :: i'm not sure, i just don't like it
where :: there are however slight variations, the first being where the independent belongs to a retail buying association.
children :: the girls in charge of the flock of children assembled from this extension of the royal household watched in giggling amazement as the two children fell in love.
one :: there's only one way to do a job, and that's the way i do it, and that's perfect.
tea :: what for tea .
front :: now she was kneeling in front of hundreds of people, weeping, making an adult decision, and so was margaret, the timid one.
penny :: make s no difference what for, he's always doing the bad penny act.
1 :: patterns of control: (1) institutes of education
today :: as at today's date, she was at the age of twenty, as she i , as at today's date she, at the age of twenty four, would have had a further working life of thirty six years.
consideration :: the drawing suggests the many factors that have to be taken into consideration when setting out to solve a problem.
thank :: thank you, she said crisply.
met :: you have met him, i dare say?
performance :: thus comparability means the extent to which the performance of organization x can be compared with that of organization y, using their financial reports.
jungle :: fleetingly dong wondered whether the excursion into the jungle with the corpse might present them with another opportunity to escape.
established :: towards the end of the third century a new name appeared in roman records, though the people to whom it was applied had established themselves in the country much earlier.
situation :: hence the strategy of the working class is worked out in terms of the opportunities open to it in a particular situation or rather in terms of the opportunities that poulantzas claims would have been open to it had the class itself been quite different.
formal :: scotvec is currently discussing formal recognition of the unit with the iqa.
beneath :: no, beneath the platform there's a short length of floorboard.
prison :: two of them are still in prison, where they are serving 18-month sentences.
kick :: some severely neglected children do at times actually value a cuff, a blow or a kick.
like :: they were soft scratchings or shufflings, like the sounds made by an animal as it sniffed about in search of food.
wembley :: she has always been a liverpool fan, though, and used to follow them to wembley.
effective :: moreover, preliminary data also suggest that oral budesonide is effective in active ileocaecal crohn's disease.
question :: it helped make up the minds of waverers on the question of independence and it sent a signal about serbian intentions to the outside world.
britain :: britain has promoted co-operation on foreign policy and in combating terrorism.
economy :: however, with the uk economy teetering on the edge of recession, the mere provision of reclaimed land, infrastructure and renovated buildings the core of mdc's economic activities may be an inadequate investment incentive.
serve :: nonetheless these friends will be aware that the sufferer ultimately has to make his or her own way back to recovery and that helpful actions should not serve to enable the sufferer to continue the recovery-threatening attitudes or behaviour without organising his or her own responsibility for the consequences.
did :: they didn't like us.
draws :: late i it draws out doesn't it?
cos :: cos i didn't know how we'd of managed if we'd had a big one!
stag :: the chancellor headed the cabinet and was responsible to the reich stag, but was both appointed by and could be dismissed by the president.
edwin :: the call was for edwin pettigrew, who seemed to be expecting it.
4 :: 4: research grant
dates :: this idea dates, at least in principle, from charles darwin's the origin of species by natural selection , of 1859.
doorbell :: the front doorbell rang.
xerxes :: but xerxes would not have taken the whole army with him oversea; and in thrace, we hear of his host moving in three columns, each commanded by two of the six.
tricks :: he quickly learned the tricks.
notice :: she didn't really notice him, for she was trying to avoid the approach of a loiterer.
police :: prominent amongst these were a rapid turnover of police and strikers, leaving them little time for situational adjustment, and a corresponding lack of discipline, organisation and effective command structure on both sides.
mary :: you didn't say anything, mary.
detained :: in the days following the attempt, sources said that some of those detained also were killed.
these :: the airline operations will be restored without these people, he said.
bridge :: she walked out along argyle street a favourite place (the big stores) for miss hazelwood on her shopping sprees towards the overhead bridge that carried the railway south, to london and beyond.
used :: for such expenditures, their tax cost can be used as their valuation and can be allocated on a variety of possible bases-per capita, in proportion to household income, rateable value, etc., and where possible actual use of the service by different households.
yeah :: yeah nearly there.
an :: end of an era
should :: i don't see why it should be.
stones :: for the stones, satisfaction was the goal: everything would be all all right if we shed the inhibitions that held us back and down.
slamming :: i slept through it until i was awoken by slamming doors?
pkunzip :: download it, use pkunzip to unpack the compressed set of files and then load the control panel and select printers to install it.
shipping :: the growth in value and volume of overseas trade will be discussed in the next chapter, but it is appropriate to consider here the provision of shipping and of port facilities.
61st :: full-back gary culling, who excels in getting into scoring positions, also helped himself to a brace in the 45th and 61st minutes.
concern :: vera flyte's concern was not for her son's welfare.
fixed :: our problem, j. and i, was that wherever we sat we did tend to have a row of armourers planted behind us, and instead of watching the screen their eyes would be fixed on us to see what we were getting up to.
ca :: you can't get new stuff, you can't go out and get something new like that, to that quality
consult :: rosalind wingrove, education committee chairman, said it had set up a panel to consider how best to consult parents.
flaunting :: how dare he? she thought, after more or less flaunting that that woman in front of me.
hidebound :: the writer of this book has to confess that so far he has been so hidebound by tradition that he has not yet brought himself to write key-signatures for the horns, but he admits that the only argument in favour of this is that the lack of signature acts as a guide to the conductor's eye in spotting the horn parts in the score.
workers :: dialogue and loud dialogue is needed, between workers, between workers and management, between both and residents themselves and, finally perhaps, in the public arena.
fact :: midianite: the inter-change of terms sound confused, but from late patriarchal times on, there was in fact a good deal of overlap in the use of the terms midianite, ishmaelite, medanite, moabite.
knew :: it was a stupid thing to do, he knew.
package :: therefore, a user may prefer to enter package modules manually, and use the procedural interface to enter the modules thereafter.
sterna :: arctic tern sterna paradisaea.
well :: well, i'll pay, then! she stormed.
nah :: nah, i mean it, he says.
brother :: importantly, this document does not refer to louis hotteterre, the brother of nicolas (dit colin), who lived on the rue marmousets in the parish of ste marie magdelaine, but to the louis whom i first identified in an earlier article: a letter written in 1712 by the french oboist louis rousselet mentions that he had left a musette for repair with louis hotteterre, who lived proche le pon sic marie.
bed :: he sat up immediately in the bed to listen.
landlord :: so the, the the only land that we are taking in is landlord land and the land that rich peasants rent out over and above, if er in size larger than the land they are going to continue to work, either themselves or with hired labour.
would :: i'm sorry my honourable friend, the member for south worcestershire, was unable to make all the points that he he he wanted to do as i would have been interested to hear them.
naomi :: have you been good, naomi?
new :: in short, new york is stuck with a tax base that looks too narrow to support the city's budget in anything like its present form.
me :: could you show me?
discriminating :: he provides what amounts to a site guide for any seeker equipped with a good discriminating detector and a 1:25,000 ordnance survey map.
than :: hencke turned to face misch until they were no more than inches apart.
price :: the important thing is that there is a lot of preamble because the guy's bound to say erm and even if he doesn't ask you what the price is you must make sure he knows.
why :: that's why we chose this site near to the city centre.
will :: in short, change in eastern europe will be messy.
leila :: 'and leila? 'leila stayed.
rare :: it is extremely rare when this sort of occasion arises.
call :: one principle which we can identify we shall call the principle of local interpretation.
stereotypes :: secondly (and this is a more subtle and complex point), i would suggest that while some writers may believe that they are presenting reality, they are, in effect, reinforcing stereotypes and patriarchal relations.
skins :: she was covered with woven skins, but we stripped her;
offended :: he was offended, she thought but about what?
things :: the charm of his style, the persuasiveness of his appeal to history, the breadth of his understanding, the way in which earnestness is blended with joyfulness in his religion and all things pervaded by reason and good sense have won disciples for hooker in all subsequent generations.
them :: build them as well?
wait :: handsome women are, of course, soon free to depart, but it happens that the uncomely sometimes have to wait several years
came :: then they came to an area of salt lakes.
leaf :: look for small animals attached to the leaf or crowding around it for food.
magic :: that you have some magic powers?
its :: whether or not this is true, the team can certainly muster more money among its members.
telebit :: telebit firms up otocom acquisition
union :: by holding equality as a central principle of our union we have maximized solidarity between our members.
at :: fourthly, although the second vice-president had outlined clearly why he felt the government could, and even should, take over all newspapers, it neither did so nor was, at this time, intending to do so.
'd :: when you got to the station you'd see groups of theatricals.
find :: struggle and cough until exhausted or until they find that a little cold drink will relieve.
important :: it is so important to the gentlemen.
chapter :: the woman who wept over the feet of jesus in luke chapter 7 and then proceeded to wipe his feet with her hair and anoint them with ointment, had her sins forgiven.
who :: a blend of grass seed, fertiliser and cellulose glue, it was being spread over the paths as a last ditch attempt to save an area the size of four football pitches from irreversible soil erosion caused by the 250,000 walkers who tramp around the area every year.
went :: then i went back to the bar, bought two drinks and a pack of old favourites and carried the lot to a booth table.
any :: externally, leading capitalist economies require high military expenditure for the political and strategic defence of the system against any soviet threat.
three :: one chance in three.
cook :: what is it about peter cook or john hegley that predisposes me to smile even before they open their mouths?
royal :: royal cliff beach resort pattaya
purpose :: now, having experienced their purpose, he almost revered them.
because :: that will not happen under a labour government because units will not opt out.
miss :: i'm afraid that such questions will have to be answered, miss glynn; if not by you, then by others.
men :: men began to fall.
ways :: attempts to energise old materials by bringing them together in new ways compete with experiments in new materials, such as electronics and rapid hardening plastics.
costs :: or, insultingly, you could be requested to deposit a sum with the government to cover you against repatriation costs, should the necessity arise.
generally :: until the 1580s, protestant propagandists were generally prepared to use illustrations to convey their message, and this device was used to particularly good effect by john foxe in his book of martyrs .
trying :: no sense in trying to sound completely english.
leather :: she laid everything in an untidy heap in the leather box.
again :: and if they took him to hospital he'd just do the same thing again and again, until his family gave in.
na :: if he's gonna have his
persuaded :: if there is a sound case which can be backed up by facts, if one is willing to be patient, determined and constructive, then politicians will listen and can be persuaded.
serpell :: the serpell report on britain's railways, published last week, recommends savage surgery.
said :: i'm not gossiping, he said gently.
or :: there was the syllabub mixed in a punch bowl on a basis of cider or ale and sometimes both, sweetened with sugar and spiced with cinnamon or nutmeg.
years :: over the next few years coatings' coil operations in will join the new joint venture.
mcnamara :: when questioned about his support for labour's membership ban, mr. mcnamara said: i don't pretend to take a democratic position on this.
belly :: out of the belly of the whale,
peter :: you remember peter's mother.
sunned :: or a sunned fleece
time :: you picked a heck of a time for a holiday, mister, said the driver, who looked about sixteen years old and had a radiant, unavoidable smile.
spoke :: for the first time selene, brought back from hampstead for the funeral, spoke up.
journey :: a man from british rail taking a nice long train journey with a toddler and a baby.
windsor :: great windsor fire mystery
unionist :: early in 1986 all the protestant mps at westminster resigned en masse to force a mini general election which demonstrated the strength of unionist opinion.
being :: not half as rough as being dead, son.
dacourt :: we all bowed, then dacourt began the usual boring, diplomatic speech bearing messages from francis's brother the king of england.
had :: this had been a perfectly human reaction: to look quickly at a dead relative, loved or otherwise.
cliff :: she's down the cliff.
performances :: we had two performances a night and a saturday matine as well
club :: royal automobile club 24 hours members only
when :: philips arranged with the procurator-general of the regent's government in brussels that he would visit antwerp at a time when tyndale's host poyntz was away.
mr :: i love jan, robert's wife, says mr miles, who has a collection of chinese paintings priced from 300.
almost :: this time the iridescence, when it came, was almost bright, and fixed in his head the magic of her crotch, his fingers sliding over and between her labia.
1811 :: the cumulative effect was to make brighton the fastest growing town in england between 1811 and 1821; the new inhabitants soon gave the resort an artificial unhealthy climate to add to its more natural freshness.
wolves :: the goblins protect and feed the wolves.
er :: and if they came in a with name that was unusual, er now, are you sure?
him :: however, first impressions of him are not good.
first :: that's the first
fish :: i like strong flavours and unusual combinations; a piquant raspberry sauce with fish, for instance.
drama :: from the condition of being agonistes , sweeney points forward to the later ritualistic conception of eliot's christian drama.
turn :: turn right at the corner here.
merely :: but this did not mean that they were not communicating; merely that they were not communicating by talking.
kills :: station chimneys falling in the rain where it damages trees and kills fish seems to us more like second-rate science fiction than a description of real events
revealing :: at night, part of the panel was let down, revealing a bed with concealed lighting behind.
next :: but all that day and the next few days i was waiting for someone to come in.
white :: in the game of life not seeing things as they are is like not seeing the ball clearly when playing tennis, or not knowing where the white lines are.
plans :: government plans for a radical shake-up of the local government system are proceeding against the grain of scottish public opinion, according to researchers at edinburgh university.
just :: you just haven't got any .
trades :: historians working on the history of crafts, trades, housing and furniture have also made significant advances in their subject by using probate inventories.
votes :: no one thought there were many votes to be gained in talking about the un or nato.
tailoring :: but he listened and learnt and for next winter he has harnessed hollywood-style glamour to make evening wear that really works, adapting his tailoring to sequined, beaded and embroidered jackets of unbelievable opulence.
says :: the company says it can be integrated with an application in an few hours.
manor :: from then onwards, indeed for a good many years, nothing more appears to have been done on the coniston manor.
alibi :: but it does not provide a very useful alibi, does it?
money :: give him some money, she said.
visitors :: i indicated that the picture represented more representatives of the inland revenue, or customs excise, or even visitors from the jmu.
however :: however, this approach holds dangers for him which become apparent when we try to discover what a contradiction is.
limits :: for all of them limits to possible action were set by economic, social, political or military necessities which were in the main the legacy of the past.
modest :: he was dead modest.
informal :: why is there often a difference between formal and informal structures?
way :: have you contributed in any way with ideas or actions?
derived :: however, some encouragement may be derived from the enormous instrumental potential among the younger members of the church's congregations.
sheer :: lindsey sighed for sheer joy and wonderment.
remember :: don't you remember?
upon :: the door was knocked upon again.
trio :: trio in court:
concluded :: the effect of the rule that terms must be incorporated no later than when the contract is concluded is illustrated by the case of olley v marlborough court hotel 1949 1 kb 532.
contributions :: resource allocations fail to emphasise adequately key elements of the innovation process, and cultural perceptions affect the way in which business and the sources of research see their own and each others' roles and contributions to the innovation partnership.
darkness :: out into the darkness.
got :: thame united thank you very much for the phone call, we've got your fixture and shall i mention it?
rather :: with their soe connexions, the ssrf found a dory more suitable than canoes when landing an agent who wanted to melt into the local scene rather than stagger ashore dripping wet from a canoe.
turned :: duke laughed good-naturedly and turned them down.
reference :: none of the male characters is initially typified by reference to physical characteristics in this way.
hard :: hard to take
promised :: with fabien and isabelle i was promised a family again.
head :: the good thing about the curse is the way the music strains at the sociable leash; the lyrics are frequently impossible to fathom simply because kristin's guitar is cranked up so high, creaking across furious and snail head like a particularly malevolent bulldozer.
knows :: therefore neither of us knows what he looks like.
yet :: for example, in discussing his plan to publish der freitheitsucher shortly after the first world war he wrote to benjamin r. tucker (in english, for tucker did not read german): the prices for printing and paper here are abominable, and i am not sure yet, if i can fulfill my plan.
50 :: this year, 50 tonnes of dieldrin were collected in niger and shipped to the netherlands for disposal.
numbers :: as planned, graduate numbers are growing at a much faster rate than undergraduate numbers (17 per cent since michaelmas term 1989).
each :: second, close relatives must resemble each other with respect to such a character more than do distantly related individuals.
imperial :: as the reign progressed the imperial family became increasingly attached to the palace of saint cloud.
say :: it doesn't say on that customs actually have opened them.
average :: they found the average proportionate mispricing was very significantly larger in the stock exchange account which included the contract's delivery date, than otherwise.
video :: video-taped report follows
arabia :: saudi arabia is the leading exporter of lpg.
believe :: but what we're talking about now is that we've made up our mind a that you er i believe and you believe you can do this job.
initially :: the ileal brake was initially defined by showing that the infusion of fat into the terminal ileum in man slowed both gastric emptying and intestinal transit.
blaze :: blaze hero saves six
tries :: but midway through the first half the leeds performance improved dramatically with two tries in three minutes.
stick :: she would never understand that you didn't get the stick for being late these days.
art :: this was a post-holocaust art.
problem :: but was detection such a problem?
cream :: this is the ice-cream tent and this is the ladies and changing rooms for some of the performers and instead of looking at the back of the bar during the interval, the audience can look out over the rolling oxfordshire countryside.
wings :: cock crows with a loud harsh kor-kok, often stimulated by distant explosions or thunder, at close quarters a whirring from the wings can be heard before and after this.
along :: yearning and brilliance clasp hands and sweep along together.
ink :: witness the 24% rise in fourth quarter income reported by j.p. morgan amid the flood of red ink submerging the likes of the chase manhattan: that's morgan's reward for going against the swine in, of all things, its conservatism.
antigens :: only eight peptides from the four malaria antigens bound in this assay, all of which had hydrophobic or aromatic residues at position 9 (table 2, fig. 1).
tambov :: priests in the tambov area, the centre of peasant revolt in 1921, reported in 1922 that church attendance had dropped by more than half as compared with pre-1914.
line :: norway has suspended an oil deal, canada a credit line.
does :: roger does not share the commitment to a return to school or the educational philosophy on which it is founded.
ones :: of pictures, and you couldn't tell really which ones
go :: where does your dad go from here?
signal :: the signal to start this building was the korean war which broke out in june 1950.
about :: there have been lots of accusations about how party headquarters has been very careless in allowing damaging material to leak out in recent months.
folk :: i owe a large bill for leather, hari said, and i haven't yet been paid by the theatre folk.
going :: well we've had enough we're going home.
crossing :: the level crossing.
classroom :: similar criteria have often applied to the education officer who, after a few years in the classroom. has moved to a position as a professional assistant in a local-authority education department.
their :: the house will know that the government thought long and hard about their decision to retain the statutory training board.
by :: you should not be tempted by the price alone as well-chosen lilies will give you many years of pleasure.
upgrading :: mechanics and technicians have joined ships carpenters in revamping and upgrading her decks, the accomodation area and of course the rigging.
pieces :: linda's last letter to chrissy, those few pieces of paper that chrissy held in her hand, was, it seemed, the single and only piece of linda's work left in existence.
security :: manchester, salford and rochdale will have mr robert atkins (roads); leeds and bradford, mr tim eggar (employment); tyne and wear, teesside, hartlepool and middlesbrough, mr douglas hogg (industry); doncaster, lord henley (social security); nottingham, derby and leicester, lady hooper (health); birmingham and coventry, mr alan howarth (education); liverpool and bristol, mr david hunt; south london, mr colin moynihan (sport); and east and west london, mr john patten (home office).
six :: one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, ooh!
couple :: neighbours found the couple at their home in lower sapey, near great malvern.
1571 :: and when in 1571, the triple tree replaced the old gallows, its three cross-beams could accommodate up to twenty-four victims at a time.
continued :: this was naturally our first port of call, ockleton continued, climbing from the car and leading the way into the churchyard.
fingers :: kerr sat down and tapped the fingers of one hand against the fist of the other.
million :: the picture was consigned by trustees of viscount fitzharris and was estimated at 810 million.
completed :: television cameras all over the place recorded everything both for news items that evening and for the two-hour support canadian racing programme which posters everywhere announced was being made for a gala showing coast to coast after the triple had been completed in vancouver.
cbi :: i next plan to meet representatives of the northern region cbi later this month to discuss a range of business matters.
till :: i can't, i can't wait till can't wait till christmas cos i don't stop eating.
take :: his funeral will take place at sandhurst next week.
heathrow :: one broker was found to be operating from a telephone box at heathrow airport.
lavera :: early in 1992, we commissioned the new 130-million isomerisation plant at our lavera refinery in france, on time and under budget.
engine :: next to his engine room colleagues hillier is an old campaigner, having made his arsenal debut back in september 1990 and chalked up 47 league appearances since then.
passion :: he loved her still, with just the same passion.
sentiment :: this sentiment was not so much based on results those of the evolutionist disciplines were hardly capable of experimental falsification as on a belief in the infallibility of the scientific method.
episodes :: also included are episodes which show rodrigo in a less than heroic light.
choice :: food is freshly cooked, with all meals available and a choice of bar snacks or restaurant meals.
judge :: the terms nos 18 listed as applying to small claims procedure all apply where an outside arbitrator is appointed, except for the powers under ord 17 exercisable by a district judge on a pre-trial review (see notes on pre-trial review).
parish :: the priest, highly regarded in educational circles, was transferred from his school position by church authorities to work as a curate in a country parish over the summer.
meadowell :: the cheviot housing association is slowly taking over property in south meadowell.
community :: thus, english culture could be taken to have been shaped, at least in pre-industrial times, equally by artists and community.
room :: the contrasting feelings displayed made the picture disturbing; not something to keep for nearly forty years, let alone frame in silver for display in the drawing-room.
tritium :: the end result, destructive explosions, differs from magnetic fusion but the fuel, tritium, is the same.
thirty :: i don't think the consumer would ev say that and i think sometimes one forgets er people forget the consumer i mean the erm er but obviously by us going onto the hong kong route we are going to reduce british airways and cathay pacific's profits on that route considerably, we we think that because our costs are considerably less than british airways, and i suspect considerably less than cathay pacific, that the player that er could be around in thirty or forty years' time is virgin atlantic.
inquiries :: the recent work by mcauslan and others (supra) in respect of the functioning of the windscale inquiry casts further doubt on the fairness of our current practice of leaving it solely to the legislature to determine the form and procedure to be adopted at such inquiries.
now :: buy says girozentrale gilbert eliott at 252p (now 243p).
bulky :: a bulky label helped him up to the belt.
spat :: the fat spat at her again and she jumped back in surprise and pain as, this time, it burned her hand.
french :: the result was that when bollaert finally made his speech on 10 september it was obvious that, for all the rhetoric and for all the idealization of the french union, if it was independence that france was offering, it was so heavily circumscribed as to make it obvious that france had, at most, transferred the jacobin concept of the nation one and indivisible to a french union in which she would still be in a commanding position.
already :: is conference season already under way then?
make :: gullivers are looking after the travelling arrangements and the widespread tentacles of the irish tourist board make it certain that golden oldies all over the world have got to hear about the festival.
president :: i'm going to have to consult with the general manager here, maybe the president in new york.
vietnam :: ground war vietnam: vol. 1, 19451965 by jim mesko; squadron signal publications, available in uk through osprey publishing; 64pp; 143 b/w illus., 2 maps; 8pp col. a/w; p/bk, 8.99
crowd :: they crowd there shuddering
hiv :: while compassion and concern were hallmarks of the churches' approach to the victims of hiv and aids, he went on, the central message of the churches remained the same.
told :: or haven't you told them yet.
dub :: then, having found the point on the video tape where the dub is to commence, hold the machine on play-pause and switch to dub mode.
paragraph :: it was axelrod who coined the technical meaning of the word nice to which i alluded in my opening paragraph.
bits :: that said, there are a few worthwhile bits.
calls :: the coincidence between the two representations of person (in passing, both are representations of the same extra-linguistic entity) is what calls for the use of the bare infinitive.
most :: trade shows as they are known, are a normal marketing exercise for most companies, but this is one with a difference because it is about trade itself, the business of manufacturing.
mm :: that's right, mm
vigorously :: mr martin drew ortega's attention to the nicaraguan practice of keeping prisoners standing upright in their cells, a particularly painful and degrading treatment against which amnesty had been vigorously campaigning.
kind :: but i kind of like it anyway.
view :: what is your view of this?
bad :: barbies are a bad scene, jimbo.
let :: come on then let's have a look at you, we don't want a
single :: she went to the stone sink, scrubbed her hands under the single cold tap and set off on her perambulations again, slowly circling the big pine table, moving in and out of the gibbous pool of light shed by the candles.
hurried :: the gendarme hurried around the table, drawing his truncheon as he came.
comparatively :: when the first amphibians appeared, there was, of course, one comparatively safe place for their eggs and young the land.
ended :: date award ended:
impressive :: most observers expect barbara mcdougall to be impressive at external affairs, after her apprenticeship with the immigration portfolio and as a junior finance minister.
natural :: firstly it is inevitable and natural and quite proper that you should have a sympathy, in particular for mrs and her children and .
anti :: having countered the notion that the artist is an anti-social creature, he proceeds to argue: it follows from this premise that subject matter in art must play a crucial role.
explanation :: satisfied with this flimsy explanation for the time being, she moved on to a more intimate subject: herself.
february :: february or march.
except :: use standard english (except in contexts where non-standard forms are needed for literary purposes, eg in dialogue, in a story or playscript ).
largely :: the previous pack contained the full text of the multi-national legal practice rules 1991, which made detailed amendments to the rules governing solicitors, largely so as to apply those rules to registered foreign lawyers practising in partnership with solicitors in england and wales, where appropriate with special provisions.
get :: thank goodness for that, they didn't get it.
heroic :: there were no equivalents to deyneka's heroic defence of sevastopol (1942).
dobson :: dobson is also inclined, for similar reasons, to give the impression that me evidence for h -loss is sporadic and unreliable (see, for example, dobson, 1968 ii: 991).
keel :: warwick collins points out that the keel design not only has a distinct draught advantage over a fin keel, but also claims that it helps to damp any pitching motion in a seaway.
geniuses :: geniuses were like that, weren't they?
mrs :: mrs smith is administrator of geoffrey's estate.
unimportant :: the song remained alarmingly unimportant.
extra :: with large numbers this can cause even worse handling and registration problems than for paper, and even, perhaps, extra complications if a disk turns out to be corrupt (it was ok when i handed it in.)
21.4.89 :: local authorities' expenditure on education amounted to 17 billion, 74% of it on schools and approximately 10% on further education (hm treasury, 1990, tables 11.12, 15.2, 16.12 and 21.4.89).
away :: if i could just put it over here because it'll be i think i, i'm a little bit far away over there.
difficult :: this may be difficult at home but you will work better if you have a desk in a room where you can do uninterrupted work.
analysis :: crosslinking analysis .
expect :: i didn't expect to meet you here.
reported :: have you reported it?
existing :: existing slaves would have to be carefully prepared for liberation.
highly :: it's highly probable i'll finish up skimming anyway.
weeks :: about six weeks i think.
experience :: maybe i was less fortunate than my colleagues in my experience of heathrow, but even my landlady in twickenham was a most severe character, as mean as mustard with food and i seemed to live in the expensive airport restaurant even when i was off duty.
shocked :: samuel was shocked.
very :: naturally your shorts are a very simple example of this.
sixteen :: i had just turned sixteen.
clauses :: the purpose of this section is to illustrate some of the purposes of standard warranty clauses.
directorate :: there are two main prisons in nicaragua, fifteen small prison farms, and a number of detention centres run by the directorate general of state security.
conservative :: darlington conservative candidate michael fallon said the county is one of the worst in britain for wasting money on administration which should be spent on schools.
intended :: historically, successful convictions under the 1977 act were rare, largely because it was necessary to prove that the landlord subjectively intended, through his or her actions, to force the residential occupier to leave the property in question.
precise :: although there are no plans to wind the imprint down, the precise nature of it future within the group looks uncertain.
490 :: there were 490 members of the union and the nine-member executive committee were all women.
joking :: but in all cases the revolution was filtered by discussion those long, intermittent, laconic, joking conversations in shops and in guestrooms of private houses.
= :: 5 draw a graph of the equation y = 3x 2 from x = 1 to x = 4. from the graph find x when y = 7.
stern :: carr-hill and stern (1979) are usually quoted as providing clear evidence that unemployment and crime are not related.
two :: one, two, three.
office :: he would have his seat in the parish church, his municipal office.
organisation :: some dbms, however, only support one file organisation technique.
full :: the remainder and promotional floor has only two stands left, and the small press area is full.
mentioned :: stephen, the pope's nephew and richard's son, has already been mentioned and john, cardinal deacon of st maria in cosmedin from 1200 was related possibly another nephew.
keen :: president carlos menem, keen on getting his hands on the proceeds of the privatisation before elections in the autumn, indicated last month that he will push the sale well ahead of schedule.
result :: this may result in a product specification being drawn up in which the sales engineers may have an influence.
rule :: democracy meant rule by the people or the many; but because the many were also poor, it was often taken to mean rule by the poor, or by the rabble.
mais :: comme sea bird ii mais plus vite.
seen :: oh, mum, i wish gran hadn't seen my diary.
stomach :: and look, there's a pin in the doll's stomach.
found :: sir john cuckney's career has embraced a fascinating mix of public- and private-sector service, a combination he has always found very appealing.
use :: there are several different types of electron detector in use, most of which rely on the production of bursts of electrons when a single fast-moving electron strikes a surface.
hobby :: in his fourteen years as a fancier he has converted a hobby into something of a triumphant campaign.
example :: and then when he died and she followed him so soon, you see, i was at once cut off from all example of domestic life between the sexes.
together :: taken together these points have been thought to indicate a steady take-over of secular functions by the merovingian episcopate, and thus to presage the emergence of a group of effectively independent episcopal states by the early eighth century, of which that of savaric of auxerre is the best documented.
segmental :: each intersegmental sclerite is believed to have fused with the segmental plate behind it.
lee :: rosa lee on the contemporary gaze and the work of bridget riley
which :: tristram beresford, for example, writes in we plough the fields that: the awkward and uncertain hours (especially for livestock workers), the isolation and the lack of amenities are, it is true, drawbacks to recruitment which agriculture must overcome.
saw :: and then she saw the creature again.
yorkshire :: across the pennines the duchy included the forest of bowland (regarded as lying in yorkshire), the county palatine of lancashire and land in north cheshire.
given :: while the formalities are being dealt with, relatives should be given every comfort and assistance if they seek it.
vice :: available in navy and black detailing, black with wine and vice versa.
individual :: at the time of writing, the intention of nab's successor, the pcfc, to replace nab plans by individual institutional contracts, is clear.
allegedly :: a social worker who allegedly had an affair with a 14-year-old boy in her care appeared in court yesterday.
exposed :: this latest leak might have been designed to expose the chancellor but it has instead exposed the extremely lax security of britain's banks and credit card companies.
buried :: unfortunately within eight months he was dead, being buried at the parish church on 1st october.
alternation :: as we can now see, the displacing of the linear and quasi-geometrical as the dominant mode in new york (and parisian) abstract art after 1943 offers another instance of that cyclical alternation of non-painterly, or linear, and painterly which has marked the evolution of western art since the sixteenth century.
offences :: but long intervals had elapsed since many of these offences were committed.
usa :: in the usa the absence of a socialist party, the weakness and declining influence of the trade unions in electoral politics, and the enormous costs of political campaigning have meant that throughout the post-war period access to money has been a critical determinant of how politicians are selected (bretton, 1980; drew, 1983).
straight :: at one time you had to box straight until it ended.
due :: only last month the french navy intercepted and seized another greenpeace ship which tried to land to establish a peace camp on the main test island of mururoa atoll, where more tests were due to begin next month.
still :: though india still fails to reach anything like its potential for growth, trickle-down may be working.
700 :: this is no lightplane: from nose to rudder the 700 is nothing but a small airbus.
land :: the invasion of the land
thing :: i couldn't eat a thing.
mingle :: a chance to mingle with people of like minds (who they? ed)
buckled :: the plate-glass of shop windows was buckled and smashed and parked cars were battered as the assault continued and people fled blindly in panic.
blades :: when the blades are rolled over the pastry, they cut even slashes, which create the lattice effect.
ep :: the band have just released a new ep, firefly, and it's available at ben's collectors records in farnham and collectors record centre in guildford.
disciplines :: the disciplines are always on the move, generating new meanings and insights.
town :: in such a mess in a town the lighter fragments blow about: the main squalor is on the ground.
irritating :: he paused, then came out with the inevitable suggestion that she found so irritating.
criminality :: occasionally, the researcher may show that the common-sense theory of the manager has no empirical evidence to support it; for example, the distance between a person's eyes has not been found to correlate with criminality.
set :: a special recruitment helpline has been set up on 0244 318990.
country :: for simeon kokhba, it would have been perfectly natural to expect the adherents of an earlier messiah the rightful king dedicated to freeing his country from the roman yoke to aid him in just such an enterprise.
last :: i've managed it for the last four years, haven't i?
hearing :: they may experience visions, seeing, hearing or even smelling things that others can't (hallucinations).
think :: this activity is performed by the hand, when we think by writing; by the mouth and larynx, when we think by speaking; and if we think by imagining signs or pictures, i can give you no agent that thinks.
costly :: by comparison, specially wired-in control systems are costly and inflexible.
charlie :: if you're first in the queue at least it's an ot worm, said charlie.
experienced :: in addition, patients were questioned about their bowel habits (stool frequency and stool blood) during the time since their last evaluation and responses were recorded based on the most severe symptoms that the patient had experienced.
hawks :: it was his country, and campaigning across those noble moors under the cheviot was his true life, as natural to him as to the hawks hovering on languid, sinewy, expert wings above the heather.
stood :: he stood up, his vast frame reaching to the ceiling.
proving :: this landlocked location isn't the first place you'd think of for a diving school but the diver training college is proving to be very popular.
august :: berri, who had held ministerial posts in a number of cabinets during the 1980s and 1990s, replaced hussein al-husseini who had resigned in august after losing his seat in the general election see p. 39071.
hating :: she was twisting in his arms, hating the soft, insolent tone of his voice, the smug little smile on his mouth, hating, too, the fact that she felt powerless.
wo :: no, it won't go on forever and, i repeat, we'll come back here one day.
strathclyde :: strathclyde believes it could developed environmentally safe sea dumping.
gradient :: its gradient is the speed all the way through here.
suppose :: upsetting, he was stood on the was there, and he was stood on the corner and this er i suppose a couple of .
bandersnatch :: beware the jubjub bird, and shun the frumious bandersnatch!
completes :: this completes a successful nine months for gourlay which has seen her become the scottish indoor and outdoor singles champion and now the world champion.
edinburgh :: the flexiloan protection plan has been specially designed for midland customers in conjunction with london and edinburgh insurance company limited and london and edinburgh life assurance company limited and provides the following benefits:
legs :: and there, framed in the open doorway, long legs braced apart, blazing eyes flashing from her to rainald and back again, stood fitzalan.
locks :: a protracted guerrilla war in panama, with back-street snipings on christmas eve and exploding canal locks on christmas day, is something else altogether.
1990 :: eurotunnel, the company financing and overseeing the construction of the rail tunnel between france and the uk see p. 35469, announced on may 28, 1990, that it had secured additional finance from the european investment bank, which had agreed to an increase in the project's borrowing commitment from 1,000 million to 1,300 million, and that the majority of the 210 international banks supporting the tunnel project had agreed to allow the project to continue to borrow on its prevailing 5,000 million funding capacity.
raid :: share the tension and drama as the last lancaster bomber is talked down to safety after a raid over enemy territory.
limb :: a simple movement of the striking limb is not enough to ensure a score.
sun :: move him into the sun
hela :: in contrast to the putative n-oct 5 proteins, which are transcriptionally inert, the n-oct 3 protein activates transcription from a reporter gene promoter with an octamer sequence, when transiently expressed in hela cells.
making :: do you think they would be making a mistake?
approved :: no amendment shall have effect until it has been approved by the inland revenue.
people :: what is meant by the saying: people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones?
golden :: golden rules for punishers
lain :: that he had once lain with me
toxic :: though the threat to build the airport seems to have receded, there is still talk of setting up a dumping ground for toxic waste close to the marshes.
needed :: when it arrived, it was not needed.
palmer :: tony palmer's the children includes not only a wonderful performance by kim novak but a starring role for ben kingsley , and parts for robert stephens and britt ekland , and will doubtless appeal to our festival audience.
technical :: these are, however, regarded as merely technical or clerical abilities.
decide :: (4) a licence granted by a licensing board shall be in such form as the board may decide.
apology :: i make no apology to the house for that.
structure :: many difficulties faced in the public sector will stem from the formal, hierarchical structure within which such relationships take place.
interest :: but in the ghosts of the house we have little interest , he wrote.
wheel :: he sat up straighter and locked both hands on the wheel.
consumos :: every radical revolt of mid-nineteenth-century spain could unite the artisans and workers in a protest against the consumos .
could :: we couldn't be.
run :: mussolini, he reflected, was reputed to have made the trains run on time if nothing else, and he wondered if it might not be a good idea to offer him a job controlling britain's network.
satisfying :: it can be interesting and satisfying even just to read about it!
talked :: talked a lot, said whillan, brief as youngsters often are about the adventures they have had.
registered :: after fully informed consent was obtained eligible patients were registered by phone at the central statistical office at the university of vienna.
2 :: 2, calm down or slow the traffic flow.
sound :: sound of history
poor :: yes, poor ernest.
gigs :: there were no more gigs.
enthusiast :: if it is written by a true enthusiast, a book will enable the reader to understand why people are committed to the study of the cheetah, dna, victorian costume, alpine plants, or whatever.
shut :: i asked him, but he shut his eyes and murmured om.
sick :: she had started to worry about mr skipton almost as much as she worried about his sick wife.
difference :: net migration, i.e. the difference between immigration (i) and emigration (e); this can be negative during periods of restricted immigration.
felt :: i felt it then.
patients :: after twelve months five of these patients were free of all symptoms of angina while the other three found that their spasms were less frequent and less severe.
detail :: do not agree to any deal unless you have assessed in detail all its implications.
powerful :: it is a sad commentary that in many cases and places, board members have failed to observe their responsibilities, and powerful chief executives have, to a large extent, hijacked their boards.
kell :: by tony kell
1460s :: this was a consequence of the blurring of the two affinities in the early 1460s when warwick was a loyal servant of the crown and when his men were in a sense the king's men at one remove, a relationship formalized in some cases by entry into the royal household.
building :: in the most extreme cases the existing building is so different from the historic pub concept that a virtual rebuild is proposed.
reflected :: in the meantime the bishop reflected.
feared :: he feared what she would say and he looked like someone waiting for the axe to fall on his neck.
thought :: i thought you'd be back early, april said to charlie.
ideal :: in fine weather eating out is ideal for families.
christ :: christ on the ball, the americans say.
nothing :: he looked towards francis and elaine, who had said nothing since stumbling into the tardis's control room.
picture :: the picture we give of them is still that of posidonius.
imprisoned :: taken and imprisoned and held fast in the black depths of the dark ireland.
coat :: rachaela was putting on her coat.
symbol :: she thought that by far the most apt symbol of women's liberation was the beautifully simple clenched red fist-in-a-bag, which clare and sue also wore in their lapels.
born :: brackley was surrounded by a number of smaller villages, such as hinton with a population of approximately 175 baker, 1, 635, the hamlet of steane with only 15 baker, 1, 686 or, somewhat further, the village where leapor was born, marston st. lawrence, where about 370 people lived baker, 1, 642.
category :: the items of costs in the solicitors' bill that stamp j. was considering did not fall into the category of litigation costs.
closer :: the thirteen men moved closer together as they rode on.
farm :: for further information call 0530 73873, or write to: springs hydro, arlick farm, packington, nr ashby de la zouch, leicestershire le5 6tg.
also :: and they also say there's little truth in the myth that women don't enjoy dirty or sexy jokes.
makes :: the trust makes no commitment to improve the serious levels of low pay.
refused :: she refused, and so he shot her.
steady :: i'm shaking and finish the gin left in my glass to steady me.
flying :: instrument flight means the possibility of flying in all weather conditions.
want :: you don't want me to start flattering you, he said dangerously.
fall :: events don't fall neatly into natural events versus miracles.
many :: many perform a great disservice to their members by failing to represent their interests independently and fairly.
following :: my next comment about erm concerning it's getting saving tables and the like we've actually er agreed accommodation schedule for this year and that's following fro from some changes in customer services o , in july.
exactly :: life on the factory production line isn't exactly the most popular subject for film-makers.
quickly :: he stripped off his clothes quickly.
either :: this is because the former faces lack either a sunny aspect or a pleasant prospect and the preservation of privacy is an important consideration on elevations so close to the highway.
character :: many of freud's interpretations of behaviour resulting from these phases are so taken for granted that they are no longer recognised, e.g. tight-ass is a slang expression for freud's description of an anal character.
increases :: instead, the amplitude of the saccades increases with the intensity of the stimulation, up to a plateau that is characteristic of a particular stimulation site.
cold :: we had them cold.
fleury :: but one day, in the late seventies, he and fleury happened to come face to face in pall mall and, after a moment, succeeded in recognizing each other.
martyn :: martyn clifford/alison's husband
sensible :: the wedgwood bridal service is a sensible way to organise gifts ensuring that couples receive the items of their choice.
branches :: below, a tree, broken, not so many branches.
worry :: no, no, don't worry.
negative :: in negative resists, the reverse happens.
pride :: to develop the knowledge, skills, creativity and potential of all our people and generate involvement, teamwork and pride in their work;
balcony :: they were together, sitting in the sunshine on the balcony of her apartment.
francis :: the governor is to see the foreign secretary, mr douglas hurd, and the minister responsible for hong kong affairs, mr francis maude.
physicist :: kuhn started his academic career as a physicist and then turned his attention to history of science.
restaurant :: the restaurant has a full meals service, seven days a week, and there is also a bar facility.
someone :: only the member of the liberal professions, or the artist and intellectual who was not essentially an employer or someone with subordinates, was not primarily a master.
arthur :: gardening time's arthur billitt
relay :: the brown-haired boy had caught the eyes of the twins again and was desperately attempting to relay some kind of message to them.
our :: i doubted whether ted spoke to auntie jean of this, or of the other manifestations of love that filled our hours of eva, for example, imitating the numerous grunts, sighs, snorts and moans which punctuated dad's conversation.
shop :: anyway, did you have a good shop?
american :: but do south american you know get some big ones
bottle :: fortunately, there had been time to buy a half bottle of bell's on the way to paddington.
clammy :: she was clammy with sweat, and her arms and shoulders ached with tugging and heaving.
heuil :: heuil, is it?
dirt :: the lad was left lyin' in the dirt.
ordering :: she found that, in the case before her, the balance came down against ordering the return of the children to australia.
corporate :: one aspect of this type of criminality, business or corporate crime, will be discussed in some depth in chapter 3.
military :: demotion of senior military figures
smile :: she gave irina a superior smile.
fans :: two soccer fans plunged to their deaths after heavy drinking sessions on a 125mph inter-city train yesterday.
loch :: a solid wall of hailstones came up loch ewe, ricocheting off the windscreen as it swept by, hell bent on lacerating loch maree and final immolation on the flanks of slioch.
1978 :: he was made a cbe in 1978.
predicting :: although exact answers are not available, some means of predicting outcomes is required.
kismet :: he may have said, kismet.'
sdu :: dissolution of puwp formation of successor sdpr and rival sdu
waters :: another would-be leader finds a makeshift bridge over troubled waters as the training course gets tougher.
long :: at first some of the monks were loath to enter on a long and expensive case before the pope, but they had among their number a man of mature years, called thomas of marlborough, who had been at the schools of paris and who had taught at oxford.
admitted :: it's possible, she admitted.
supports :: this supports the data from the copenhagen oesophageal varices sclerotherapy project suggesting that sclerotherapy may be harmful to patients with encephalopathy.
send :: so i send i'll send a bit each w week fortnight when i get all my money.
software :: ideally a software interface will exist to connect the cartographic, tabular and graphical output from a gis and the report-generation capabilities of a high-quality word-processor, thus allowing the results provided by the gis to be incorporated directly into a document.
how :: if you had less structure as in t three which is a ternary branching tree, instead of binary branching be just an n p b n p, it's real hard to see how you can account for the data.
radio :: the libretto was regarded at the radio as something of a masterpiece of translation and from time to time suitable composers had been sought.
better :: to look back through a history of censorship in libraries is an instructive and fascinating experience (and there is no better way than through thompson's censorship in public libraries in the united kingdom during the twentieth century ).
18th :: nanchang cj-6a n3104u was sold on the 18th for ; 40,000 and then the buyer re-entered the aircraft on the 19th auction where it did not sell.
anthony :: sir anthony paid tribute to the progress john maltby had made in steering aea to a much more commercial approach to business.
contrasted :: the times and guardian reports contrasted with those of other papers.
won :: we've won ourselves a new world.
too :: it was on time too.
000 :: apple wanted to donate a computer to every school in the country more than 100 000 machines.
engineer :: many hoteliers boast of their whirlpool baths but a leading hotel engineer cautions that those on a suck-blow system can trap water in the pump, risking legionella, while detritus sucked in may be blown out into the next bath if the unit is not adequately maintained.
express :: many said we should express the spirit of our time.
adjourned :: the trial had been scheduled to start yesterday but was adjourned following legal discussions.
callister :: jude callister is a former archaeologist who now knits for a living, and designs part-time for the telecottage.
help :: it was greed, i couldn't help it
available :: the fundholding practices in the study were also very comparable to the remaining fundholding practices in the region on the available indicators.
reality :: the reality was a nightmare.
saying :: he is pinning the future of the company on the success of nextstep, saying that 90% of its sales effort will go towards marketing the software: customers will decide whether next continues as a hardware operation he said.
takes :: that's always been the liverpool way if someone takes your place and does well, you accept it.
recent :: and the most recent newsletter.
lumen :: the lumen of the stomach appears bright with a near homogeneous content because of the long t2 of the water.
whether :: whether this objective should underlie company law, viewed from a public interest perspective, or whether the alternative approach just discussed is preferable, will be considered in chapters 9 and 10.
correlations :: (2) savings-investment correlations: immobile capital, government policy or endogenous behaviour?
x :: pot on greenhouse primulas, p. x kewensis, p. malacoides and p. obconica .
reveal :: the cuffs were rolled back to reveal tanned forearms.
holo :: it was a holo.
nurse :: back aboard, eh, nurse dungarvan?
treatment :: but it then goes on to criticise the draft directive because it fails to recognise that a different mix of measures including water treatment or blending may be required depending on local factors, such as geology, rainfall and farming practice.
trunk :: clearly any proposal will have a major impact on the trunk road system.
production :: it might have been possible for britain to enforce anglo-american nuclear collaboration by withholding ore stocks, but to have done so would have reduced american production of fissile material to the soviets' advantage.
knees :: father peter, losing his top hat to a whisking hand, leapt up from his knees and raised both arms to the heavens.
lord :: but when, lord cozens hardy,
course :: of course, of course, the doctor said.
glad :: i'm so glad, mrs kingsdale said cheerfully, where are you now?
fix :: (iii) to analyse the fluorescence, fix the cells or embryos in 4% formaldehyde in pbs for 10 min, wash them in m2 + bsa and mount them in this medium in the wells of a tissue typing slide (baird and tatlock, see section 4.1.1).
unlogged :: as the house seemed empty, i got in four or five unlogged phone calls around the circuit of friends and acquaintances to see what was cooking.
mayor :: the tory government, my lord mayor, has for too long denied people the real choice.
change :: the change of name
wildcat :: the sticking point in the national strike of 1977 was the union's right to stage wildcat strikes between contracts, which had reached a very high level in 1975 and 1976.
director :: tv debut for director martin's labour of love
expecting :: subconsciously he must have been expecting something like this: his first reaction was not surprise but an intensification of the dull misery which had enveloped him for the last 24 hours.
maybe :: maybe censored it a little.
might :: but i thought i might.
system :: the sultanate of brunei (negara brunei darussalam) gained full independence from the united kingdom on jan. 1, 1984 see p. 32741, when a ministerial system of government was established.
bonus :: so it's all a bonus when i think of where my head was two years ago.
chamberlain :: a rising shot by sheringham, tipped over by chamberlain after 36 minutes, was just about the last moment of anxiety for luton.
confident :: att confident of winning 30m order from south korea
emmie :: emmie looked at the small, waxy face and felt that she did not know her grandmother any more.
excluded :: what activities are excluded?
night :: you had, he says, to be careful not to fumigate on a foggy night when the air was too heavy to let the fumes drift away.
flag :: red flag, ah.
foundation :: two sets sit general/foundation mathematics ie: they are on a general course but sit foundation as a safety net.
dapper :: nor dapper now, nor commanding.
answer :: the best guess at the truth may be that of the sceptical experts whose answer to the question what can be done? was, from the start: precious little.
victors :: viewers are victors in battle of the broadcasters: michael sheridan in rome on sport's pre-eminent place on italian screens
serious :: but before this could be contemplated, there are some more serious problems with the positivist stance that would have to be resolved again relating to its neglect of criminal justice processes.
mousetrap :: woman i need a mousetrap, quick.
acknowledged :: unlikely as it may seem now, it was evelyn waugh who came to wilson's defence and acknowledged the brilliance and aptness of the book's main conceit, which given the turn of events in eastern and central europe is apropos once more.
lady :: william malyverer bequeathed to our lady of walsingham a little ring with a diamond which richard had given him.
strategic :: he proposed the establishment in berlin of a centre to prevent the danger of war which would provide full information about the military and strategic situation in germany and throughout europe.
loss :: if you don't, you may find yourself unable to add the subtitles because to do so would entail the loss of too many good shots.
risks :: acheson added that the soviet union was already endeavouring to spread subversion in japan and that the potential soviet threat to japan was such that the risks inherent in concluding a treaty could not be entertained in present circumstances.
erm :: erm so it had to have all the lighting, official lighting for the continent and so on and so forth.
blue :: she had had her hair done and was wearing blue.
restored :: as the interest rate rises, the speculative demand for money falls and money market equilibrium is eventually restored.
rose :: his pendant, made at the height of the movement in 1900, is finely enamelled with prickly leafed plants highlighted with rose diamonds and hung with pearls.
laurel :: i must look after my laurel.
comfortably :: nick sighed and wriggled comfortably.
derek :: the representations made on behalf of mr. derek bentley are still under consideration.
national :: here we see how bukharin viewed the changes wrought by finance capital in the national capitalist economies.
capable :: they argue that there is no independent proof that an individual is capable of remembering the birth process.
acetylcholine :: how do other neurotransmitter and neuromodulators, such as acetylcholine, monoamines and peptides, regulate the induction and expression of ltp?
cricket :: in the village in which the author currently lives there is now no cricket team, but rumour had it that there once was.
reinforced :: such an interpretation is reinforced by an analysis of the geography of protest.
ah :: but tonight i never had before, yeah ah yeah!
boots :: i'll just tidy up these boots and then they're ready to be delivered.
blind :: she lifted the bottom of the blind.
plaguing :: the decision highlighted scandals plaguing the ruling socialist party just five weeks before parliamentary elections.
daft :: she looked at him as if he were daft.
running :: keep them away from the fighting until the poor bloody infantry gets a chance to stop running.
specialists :: this is the nearest ninth-century specialists can get to methodological rigour: we should have no illusions about our limitations, nor about some still-enormous gaps in available evidence.
james :: by richard james in rome
left :: on the first floor, a radio had been left on.
story :: that might be pure fiction but nevertheless it was a very amusing story at the time.
checks :: what those antenatal checks are all about
experts :: i thought they had experts.
korean :: the british part in the korean war , vol. 1: a distant obligation.
anthropological :: dispute settlement and welfare arise because these are important issues in the anthropological literature on stateless societies; questions about money and violence arise in the study of any polity.
coarseness :: general dullness, coarseness, muddiness
hand :: connon sat with his hand pressed to the side of his brow.
pastor :: it's alright for the pastor.
none :: none of the other species listed in table 2.1 have been found to be significant accumulators of bone.
cruelly :: she always had so many places to go and so many people who wanted to see her that he felt cruelly his own stolid boringness , and was not surprised that she did not spend more time with him.
legislation :: others draw back from legislation and look to a change in attitudes on the part of professionals and employers.
objections :: what objections does needs get rid of?
exhilarating :: you must find the social whirl exhilarating.
draped :: this home video shows a doll's dress draped across her.
melancholy :: william was melancholy,
livestock :: for the exasperated livestock farmer, with fears for the future of his pig unit or broiler house, for the fruit-grower alarmed by the possibility of a poisonous spray inadvertently finding its way into the metabolism of a casual passerby, and for the cereals farmer who does not take kindly to his best malting barley being trampled down in order to create an impromptu picnic site, the simplest solution is to go in for siege tactics.
family :: this is a family run hotel offering excellent value for money, comfortable accommodation and tasty food cooked by frau hollrigl herself.
game :: on either side as far as the eye could see, long lines of children, dwarfed by the adults stooped over the restless machinery, reached or crawled, snatched or darted, in and out of the network of rattling belts and hissing pipes, playing a constant game with death.
timetable :: she, of course has the timetable.
necessarily :: it was not generally available, nor was it necessarily permanent.
satisfied :: we're never satisfied with what we've got in this society, are we?
rough :: the wind accentuated the faint slice and carried the ball into the rough on the right.
11 :: after more than 20 years in the skies over oxfordshire, the f1-11 fighter bomber is leaving.
strains :: yes, erm there are not, not more than three strains er most winters circulating.
talk :: three years didn't seem such a long time when one of them had elapsed, and although robyn was satisfied that she was highly valued by her colleagues, the talk at the university these days was all of further cuts, of tightening belts, deteriorating staff-student ratios.
manage :: it is very easy to manage, lightweight, clean and water absorbent. useful for rooting cuttings and seed sowing.
guy :: get this guy off the premises, he's a fucking health hazard.
b :: in short: (in the above problem a = 1, b = 1, c = 870.)
freeman :: it showcases the talents of freeman, his sardonic wit and deadpan delivery resembling a dope-addled john lydon.
having :: the tzarina katarin is the current ruler of her warlike race, having succeeded to the throne on the death of her father the tzar bokha.
assembled :: one of the main elements which matters to customers is that stock should be available to them when they order it, that it should be delivered at the time they request it and that it should be assembled correctly.
prices :: prices are based on: studio for two (with 2 sofa beds).
variables :: a two way repeated measures analysis of variance was used to evaluate the effects of treatment, of time, and of their interaction on selected variables.
cycles :: after several cycles, the mediocre blade will be replaced by a better one.
3000 :: in the following 18 months, more than 750 emaciated dolphin bodies were washed ashore, although us officials now estimate that as many as 3000 dolphins may have died with similar symptoms.
demand :: higher demand for credit will drive up interest rates, making it more profitable for banks to supply more credit.
approach :: the ward sister who spends time talking to the patients and is interested in them as individuals will pass this approach on to the junior nurse.
gordon :: by this time gordon sloan, a reporter from strathclyde region, had been brought in to do the work in orkney, as the islands' own reporter, mrs katherine kemp, was still under suspension, and the details of her case were lying on the secretary of state's desk in edinburgh.
pensioner :: the budget is very unsatisfactory from the pensioner's point of view at a time when we had hoped the government would be helping us, he added.
black :: the cold war theme, against which the collaboration of the russian and american scientists is positively asserted as looking forward to the new world promised by the black obelisks and the climactic creation of a second sun, contrasts with the political neutrality, even blandness, of kubrick's film.
writers :: with the aid of rare signed texts, dr friedman is programming his computer to recognise the shapes of strokes in the hands of various writers.
distorting :: so, obstacles or other animals in the vicinity reveal themselves by distorting the fish's electric field.
later :: at the west end is the narthex and in later times a campanile has been added.
produce :: through all the literature the produce
place :: the school of scottish studies incorporates the scottish place-name survey, the linguistic survey of scotland and the institute for historical dialectology.
peace :: in 1850 a. o. brodie, who had been specifically appointed a justice of the peace to investigate the extent of cattle stealing, observed that witnesses, without intending irony, often made statements such as so and so is a man of good character he deals in stolen cattle.
jazz :: later they went to a jazz club in the king's road uncle ted had never seen black walls before where eva slyly said to dad, i think it's about time we moved to london, don't you?
helen :: there must have been something in jean's tone that alerted helen, because she looked hard at her.
tuesday :: okay, well see you tuesday anyway.
often :: stocks are also most often shown at their replacement cost.
pleased :: yeah, pleased as punch.
stopped :: he stopped short, not wanting to upset emily again.
restrictions :: it added: long range drift from chimney emissions is being studied in order to avoid arbitrary restrictions on atmospheric discharges
successfully :: it was built successfully but two attempts to emulate and balance it soon ran into difficulties.
fault :: you can see the line of the pennine fault running in a south-easterly direction, he went on.
inspection :: following the failure of the stabiliser rear spar top chord, the structure could not sustain the flight loads imposed upon it long enough to enable the failure to be detected by the then existing inspection schedule.
among :: in order to win through to a match-racing play-off, he needed to finish among the top six nations at this regatta.
millie :: when aggie swung round with a lightness that always denied her heavy bulk and made hastily for the door, millie flew after her and, jumping in front of her, threw her arms around her waist as far as they would go, crying, i'm sorry.
recently :: until recently, most government handpump schemes had next to no provision for maintenance.
moment :: the moment is poignant.
scream :: she heard ana scream her name but it had all happened so fast that she was stunned.
institutional :: again, there are general comparative institutional differences which can be identified.
pounds :: a reward of five pounds is offered for any information leading to the discovery of a young boy, oliver twist, who was kidnapped from his home in pentonville last thursday evening.
east :: this may well have been due to the satisfaction he had been deriving from the composition of east coker, though he made no mention to me of the new poem.
widened :: her smile widened.
magnificent :: the gilds contain records from norwich, (king's) lynn and other towns, and these include some quite magnificent spellings such as alpenie ('halfpenny'), hoke lewes ('oak leaves'), and many more.
1919 :: the romance of the battle-line in france (1919) recounts the historic associations of the departments ravaged in the war of 191418.
breath :: nicandra drew a deep breath.
neither :: neither of them saw him go.
allen :: allen did not understand.
instead :: they took all the new curtains out of the chinese room and put up old ones instead.
gardens :: anyway, nobody could have got into the garage at orme gardens.
great :: do you read as widely in the great classics of the faith as among modern authors?
knitwear :: now this looks sort of different from the machine i showed you where they, you know the machine, but in fact it's the direct development of it, it's called the fully-fashioned pro and it's, and this area's famous for fully-fashioned knitwear.
never :: well you've never had one, you never had one last night.
caught :: the villain was never caught.
leeds :: and i think also we shouldn't overlook the em employment in leeds that would be related to that.
those :: when in doubt, try those old gender stereotypes.
salivation :: copious salivation; often with a metallic taste
mia :: mia cash to be counted
notts :: relegated notts county yesterday rejected a record 2.5million bid from blackburn for defender craig short.
another :: what, another bath?
halt :: once they were a couple of miles from the manor, where the woods were at their most impenetrable, she reined in moonbeam and drew to a halt in a little glade.
daisy :: nurse de wint, the staff nurse in permanent charge of the a.r.r. unit, had been at school with daisy and was one of her greatest friends.
yes :: yes or under the shower, yes.
dog :: oh, a dog?
indicators :: the performance indicators which are produced consist mainly of data on payment, which makes useful analysis difficult.
mchugh :: these have been subsumed under a quality of work life (qwl) movement which in turn has been defined as a managerial effort to involve workers in management decision-making, to systematically empower workers in management decision-making particularly as groups (thompson and mchugh 1990:208).
defender :: damages more than one defender release 085
sorry :: i'm sorry if i've upset you, old thing.
right :: yes, that's right.
psychoanalysis :: some, responding to the phallocentrism which lacanianism retains from traditional psychoanalysis, try to turn it into a gynocentric psychoanalysis.
exclusive :: exclusive business data
distinguish :: his method is to distinguish philosophy, which he equates with experience, from the various modes of experience.
624 :: towed behind car 624, it is seen at thornton gate in 1983.
least :: finally, an attempt was made to show that, theoretically at least, quantifiers themselves could be got rid of too.
1qp :: index on censorship is published ten times a year by a non-profit-making company, writers scholars international ltd, 39c highbury place, london n5 1qp, uk.
jump :: they'll jump to your tune, but it's unlikely that they'll hang around to hear the final act of the opera.
study :: all those included in the study presented igg and iga gliadin-antibody titres within normal range.
political :: other main political parties
endlessly :: the task they serve evolves as they are developed, and it is tempting to continue tinkering endlessly.
seems :: he seems out of place here.
end :: there is convincing evidence that a predisposition to alcoholism itself has a significant genetic component and therefore to examine the role of any genetic factors in predisposition to end-organ damage distinct from predisposition to alcoholism, any study should ideally include two groups of alcoholics, well matched for alcohol intake, with and without end-organ damage.
hospital :: my cataract operation has been moved forward a fortnight for the rather odd reason that the hospital is having to cancel all non-urgent operations in october.
mass :: the pro-palestinian faction has been suggesting that the national front abandon the pretence of attempting to build a mass party.
regression :: the seventies came to an end with somewhat contradictory signposts of national advance or regression.
fire :: if tacking thin material such as foil, the slide is pushed up to fire two staples side by side.
advent :: advent signals values: that god loved us so much that he was willing to enter upon an adventure that cost him the death of his son.
techniques :: the material erupted during episodes of volcanic activity can be dated by radiometric techniques and can therefore provide a minimum age for the landsurface over which it lies.
taken :: analysts expect these to include a 12 million provision for channel tunnel losses taken by costain in its role as one of the members of the transmanche link construction consortium.
point :: i learned a lot from him and his ability to see what had gone wrong from a sales point of view.
albums :: we would flick through her photo-albums, moments of conviviality glassily preserved.
uk :: they're from the uk.
bria :: you have now settled down with bria's mother, model nicole mitchell.
friend :: will he come back to the question asked by my hon. friend the member for edinburgh, south (mr. griffiths)?
ship :: the ship's gun boomed! and the shot fell only a hundred metres away.
becoming :: 1 it is becoming increasingly clear that, of these, the stress on application independence is particularly relevant.
wiv :: rose and her ma exchanged smacking kisses, and ere's mcallister from the doctor's, ma, come to ave tea wiv us, rose announced.
add :: the newest, softest perms add body, waves or bouncy curls.
profession :: economists, the statistics profession, trade unions and opposition politicians all pledged support for the idea of a national council which is being promoted by eminent statisticians and considered by the royal statistical society.
th :: and sort of like, th the handle going like this here.
materials :: because the stone-built, partly render-clad building proved to be extremely sound, little alteration to the exterior or renewal of materials was necessary.
eaten :: that's because you haven't eaten it.
win :: identify these famous buildings and win a mediterranean holiday!
presentation :: with materials designed to highlight language items, we have an indication of how materials designers approach the question of video's role in the lesson.i will look at this in relation to the traditional stages of a language lesson, presentation, practice, reinforcement, and to the elicitation stage some teachers introduce before presentation.
starting :: a few impressive verbatim quotations by athenaeus and some references in strabo were the starting point.
followed :: there followed a brief discussion of the problem of reference and the distinction between naming and describing.
research :: more recent american research has also questioned the simple assumption of a single response to prison conditions.
face :: his gut clenched, and he forced his eyes up to her face.
died :: down died 7 october 1896 at normansfield.
solutions :: the radial path of a light ray in these new coordinates is which has two solutions: .
described :: the fact is that many have an aroma and flavour which is unique for instance, basil can only be described as tasting like basil.
data :: given constraints on resources, research plans will have to take account of existing or relatively easily gathered data about services and consumers and the evaluative studies being conducted elsewhere.
sunset :: shipbuilding isn't a sunset industry.
non :: one consequence of hemingway's non-evaluative technique, however, is the notable absence in the story of any rhetorical colour.
main :: the main problem areas were mastitis control, lameness and infertility not an unknown combination in britain.
closed :: being closed in like this.
group :: at the end of the adult session, when the group are considering the symbol to be used the following week, the catechists have the opportunity to allow the symbol to do its work.
indicates :: examination of the debate on buxton's resolutions for gradual emancipation of 15 may 1823, of his resolution for parliament to take up general emancipation of 15 april 1831 (the resolution was interpreted in the debate by other speakers as being immediatist) and, more briefly, of the debate on stanley's government resolutions for emancipation followed by a period of apprenticeship of 14 may 1833 indicates a clear shift to acceptance of abolitionist assumptions.
joined :: but as luke joined with her and experienced the first brief resistance of her untutored flesh she felt the shock run through him.
pack :: so to sum up: if the words in a language are compared with the cards in a pack, the numbers in each suit would be like the open set classes.
bring :: meet at the grasmere information centre and bring a packed lunch.
adult :: day-old babies suddenly take on almost adult qualities.
systematically :: at the moment this was not done systematically.
senses :: the consciousness we experience is most usually a structure derived from complex processing of information from the senses and elaborately categorized to make a consistent picture against which fresh information can be sorted and understood.
observed :: the aim has been to produce pictorial representations of a complete set of valence molecular orbitals for as many molecules as possible and to relate them to what is observed in the experimental world.
cent :: staff employed by derbyshire county council have increased by 22 per cent.
sort :: when he said he had been mugged, they said that sort of thing happened there about three times a day.
much :: it's not so much lobbying as blackmail.
maggot :: i hate cocaine, he said finally, and he surprised me by saying it for the maggot had always struck me as one of life's rebels.
sharkish :: someone from central admin, with a sharkish smile, hands out the evening's assignments.
best :: i felt i could not breathe and murmured as best i could take me.
off :: i was gonna say i was gonna have the er top one off cos i was jealous.
world :: disaster is something which comes on your telly, mid-evening, and shows pictures of people in distress, usually people from the other end of, of the world, that's a disaster.
team :: as to the evaluation of their individual skills of pupil management by members of the senior management team, the head of department commented, we have never known them as teachers but we do see them conducting assemblies.
purchase :: the balance will give a datum or basic figure which will generally be turned into a lump sum by taking a certain number of years' purchase.
perceive :: we cannot say that there is a separate, solid, objective world which different creatures perceive in different ways.
colour :: every winter for years the popular illustrated paper of europe had devoted great colour spreads to the shah and his wife and four children on the ski slopes.
forward :: so, so, so that bit of it we've, we've moved forward .
hang :: he doesn't run away, or hang out crosses or wreaths of parsley, or ring up the local press, he merely mentions it to his friends in passing, and gets on with his work.
remote :: those few foreigners who have been there describe it as one of the most remote and desolate spots in the world.
maisie :: maisie smith bustled into view, saw the girls and waved.
human :: they are not part of being human.
air :: was it just out of thin air?
stock :: i'm of tech stock.
ministerial :: today the building also won ministerial approval.
trusts :: they are not trusts at all in the sense that unit trusts are.
surprisingly :: surprisingly sometimes this does not come over in the investment overview or information memorandum. (i.e. does it manufacture or just buy in and sell?)
daughter :: they had one daughter, born in 1935.
until :: for various reasons, some horses are not broken until they are four or even five years old.
hitch :: hitch looked puzzled.
preferred :: is a boot or a hatchback preferred?
summer :: the german blitz was resumed in the early months of this year and then a fresh terror, the flying bombs, was directed against london in the summer.
mask :: she was surprised to hear a note of admiration behind the mask of impatient indifference.
witness :: again witness was lucky.
wants :: he wants to see a new queuing system introduced
buildings :: the tumbled buildings.
pills :: what pills had you taken or was it cocaine?
europe :: a more optimistic assessment had come from uk chancellor of the exchequer norman lamont, who said that recent cuts in the german and italian budget deficits would open the way to lower interest rates in europe.
proved :: in practice there was resistance to the levying of the first instalment and collection proved increasingly difficult.
general :: well, the fact that in a general election situation, people will go out and vote.
sociologist :: the french sociologist, whose sentence was more like a paragraph, went on to argue that death was something that we needed to share - it needed to be seen publicly.
litre :: help have you been offered small (some as little as one litre in volume) cylindrical jars as aquaria, possibly by a company trading under the name of aquario ?
exchange :: a system of managed floating enables exchange rates to be determined essentially by private market forces, but governments intervene in the foreign exchange markets to try and moderate any short-term fluctuations which may arise due to destabilizing capital flows or other factors.
hudson :: the hudson's bay company was so deeply involved in the struggle with the french in north america, and came so close to being overwhelmed, that nobody stepped forward to try to take its place.
100 :: you could only really believe it if the fire behind him was about 100 yards away he'd be frying!
man :: a man with a great eye for detail, he took lead role of the committee stage of the bill leaving michael heseltine, the environment secretary, who prefers the broad brush approach, mercifully free of the tedious bits.
stops :: vasectomy stops sperm release
battle :: equipment : sword and battle standard.
fill :: and the revenue got mean and decided it couldn't afford the time of serving officers and it left pre- retirement council and other bodies with a gap to fill er the only other people who are er professional if you like, who could fill it, would be accountants and they weren't available.
underlines :: it underlines just how anglers depend on the weather.
allan :: this phenomenon crossed the atlantic and reappeared in william wilson, one of the best known stories of edgar allan poe.
nisodemus :: i gave orders! screamed nisodemus.
equal :: these powers will limit the extent to which men and women can be autonomous and equal in love-making.
murder :: the attack bore all the hallmarks of a loyalist murder bid.
sense :: spotting a good school will depend on using information and common sense.
home :: doctors could find nothing wrong, and sent them home.
immunosuppressive :: new immunosuppressive agents have been used recently and are claimed to be beneficial in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease.
grant :: 4: research grant
finger :: the moves up to gain the famous bower ledge are nothing less than brutal with the corner crack first expanding to chimney-like proportions then closing again to slim finger-crack holds.
okapi :: this would be an extension of the automatic cross-reference list of classes of words to be treated as synonymous with each other which we have used in okapi '86.
characteristic :: the lower head has a few catgut strings stretched fairly tightly across it which give the rattle, which is the strongest characteristic of the sound of this drum.
benefits :: anyone else would be spending money prematurely because the benefits of additional quota would apply to a 1994 claim only.
midnight :: nor was he in the least tired until well after midnight.
dead :: who says the age of miracles is dead?
waiters :: they're not interested in waiters really, especially waiters who haven't been badly hurt.
suspense :: if this notion suits you temperamentally, then try producing this sort of suspense novel.
caution :: yeah, but if you tell them you won't, you just get a caution innit?
irish :: i am currently in contact with the four main constitutional parties and with the irish government to establish whether a basis for fresh political talks can be found.
nottingham :: information and application forms available from the independent living fund, po box 183, nottingham ng8 3rd.
damp :: the temporary buildings, having outlived their normal life expectancy are damp, lack toilet facilities, have broken windows, broken window catches and provide an unsafe environment for the pupils.
leak :: i shall have to warn harry not to talk about the leak either, he said.
flat :: i reckon if i had had a flat and everything i could have given it a try.
surrounding :: you go to the bed, put down the umbrella and start looking in the drawers and cupboards built into the wall units surrounding the head of the bed.
religion :: robespierre's experiment was, scarcely surprisingly, a dismal failure; and while the delicious dream of a universal, natural and reasonable religion may have an understandable attraction for those who are influenced by but not wholly committed to christian (or some other) belief, it does not appear capable of offering any very stable resting-place, or any adequate defence against the more radical challenges to religion as such which have been raised from without and within christian theology in modern times.
ever :: the most difficult thing i ever had to do in the cinema was to kiss christopher reeve.
property :: the money in this account is the property of the bank, it is their money.
within :: unemployment tends to be concentrated within certain families.
broken :: we picked our way across the broken mountain heights.
malleable :: the more malleable he was the better for her!
walk :: it's a long walk.
asking :: if you or your child are affected it is worth asking the doctor to change you to another type of antihistamine.
sir :: the porter glanced at his watch if you hurry sir.
tank :: yet, when the think-tank was wound up at the first cabinet meeting after the 1983 general election, not a single minister spoke up in its defence.
secretly :: here is a young man of twenty-three, second mate of the patna , who secretly hopes that his life of efficiency will become romantic:
flood :: surely they know already that a flood is flat!
doing :: and, say, explain the logic of it, why you're doing it the way you're doing it.
playing :: there are also a number of tasks and activities which have been developed to illustrate the family dynamic these include family choreography, role-playing, role-reversal, family drawing, charting, listing, and perhaps most well-known, family sculpting.
forgot :: one thing i forgot to bring with me this afternoon was a tape of the assembly worship i'm sorry about that, but i don't think you've got a tape recorder have you?
finer :: finer than his father?
t. :: consigned on the instructions of certain lloyd's underwriters, the object was last at auction at sotheby's as part of the edward t. chow collection in 1981.
vitor :: vitor asked, as he slid the topaz ring back on to her finger.
open :: it is not open to mr tillson subsequently to say that he had no need of a tenancy of the occupied land because he already had a possessory title which gave him a freehold interest in that land
czechoslovaks :: other czechoslovaks came as well to fill domestic posts.
setting :: erm and they they put in an awful lot of work in in setting up the festival.
pesaro :: they entered the trench, leaving astorre and thomas and pesaro standing silently at the entrance.
sofas :: a one-bedroomed apartment for 4 with 2 convertible sofas in the lounge.
c :: temperatures the generally accepted estimate is that the world warmed by 0.30.6 c during the last 100 years.
upstream :: alternatively, the upstream team has to articulate better the consequences of its decisions.
conditions :: grasslot beach also gave some fish during calmer conditions.
katherine :: no, katherine was emphatic.
hope :: and, if so, she could only fervently hope and pray that liz and owen's recovery was as speedy as possible.
sent :: in the event of a suspicious account, a photocopy may need to be sent to the hospital or clinic for verification and the claimant should be instructed to contact the clinic to verify the account and confirm to us immediately.
conduct :: it also decided that a code of conduct leaflet should be produced for the benefit of events' organisers.
fundamental :: indeed, the divisions within the parties were arguably more fundamental than those between them.
legal :: the merit of separate qualified defences is that they focus the evidence and the legal argument, giving the jury (in contested cases) an opportunity to assess the defence, and giving the judge fairly precise guidance on the basis for sentencing: this might be thought to ensure that each defendant is dealt with more fairly, but the risk of confusing the jury in a contested case might tend to erode that protection.
sub :: it looks like being a distinctly sub-standard wimbledon this year.
birds :: them birds up there.
done :: i can see that, but i still don't think jeff could have done it.
somehow :: the recourse to books, documents, or sources, underscores a perception which is somehow already in the air.
week :: qualified conductors work a compulsory nineteen hours a week, but most work up to thirty hours as there is so much to do.
whoopi :: whoopi is already in a regular psychic-type role in star trek , the next generation , so it should be a doddle for her.
sport :: sport: april 613, 1956this was the week when
ill :: this was a prospect that made me feel ill.
stay :: you can stay at my house.
marion :: marion turned to look herself.
large :: a large proportion of the clowns today were young men, like alan, returning to the village for the day and wanting to preserve the tradition for their own children.
interior :: the interior minister carlos hurtado held a meeting on sept. 3 with the re-contras, the rearmed right-wing contra rebels.
acca :: acca's continuing exile from his see would suggest that he did not enjoy the favour of ecgberht and that ceolwulf was either too ineffective to arrange his return or hostile to him.
chap :: and sis he do it for the whole of the island or just the was did the sort of parish have their own chap ?
ability :: ability to translate is the specific skill of lawyers, and, it is argued, their definitive practice.
retire :: there's no reason why i can't go on for 200 goals and i don't agree with the argument that you should retire at the top.
crime :: one does not hear about much crime in the area.
1959 :: however, at that time (1959) there was an initiative a u.c.l. in the study of communication.
counties :: rural counties such as gwynedd suffer particularly since they often have very low density settlements, rugged terrain and relatively poor roads.
areas :: the bears are thought to have taken an interest in the local sheep after grazing areas were enclosed in a neighbouring valley see eds passim.
wife :: that's why i've decided to let his wife and children come and see him.
placed :: the eplp is ideally placed to work alongside other parliamentary groups in the community to set the agenda for europe and for its people.
odd :: i didn't like to come to the house, he went on, giving her an odd sideways smile.
duty :: he knew his duty as she did hers.
flies :: flies which have their day length continually varied live a shorter time than those following a more normal routine.
programme :: that would mean that the best part of the programme its price reform would only cause inflation (already in three digits) to spiral out of control.
since :: broderick has faced more of a problem, since it seemed a few years back that he had stopped ageing.
skimmed :: breakfast porridge with skimmed milk and small banana.
paradox :: the assault is alleged to have occurred at the paradox night club in aintree.
case :: whose is a possessive pronoun (or adjective) meaning belonging to (or in the case of the adj., of whom or which).
published :: i refer to the st trinian's cartoon of 20th november, and will bet you a bottle of passable claret that the caption is not the same as was originally published.
here :: here it would be useful to impress upon the new councillor the relationship between the official and the council.
surprised :: she looked surprised.
facts :: the hospice movement, in its care of the terminally ill, is the living recognition of these sombre facts.
mumble :: tiw asked, trailing off into a mumble as he realized that legion had anticipated him.
shawl :: matted black hair covered her back like a shawl.
3 :: 3 timing of bearing
using :: so we made the v16 mkii using my oval-section tube as the basis.
organ :: this, as henry looked at it, the piped organ music swelling through the chapel, seemed to sum up the complete irrelevance of english literature.
unexpected :: a visit to the museum in an unexpected delight and an absorbing pleasure.
including :: thick and varied planting including dwarf conifers, variegated grasses, hosta and montbretia, give this water garden an established look.
house :: passing barbs's house yet again, constance stopped.
keep :: this would not have had the same meaning as it has today for the term park originally meant land enclosed to keep beasts for hunting or ornamental purposes.
difficulty :: a difficulty arises on various occasions in connection with numbers in the bible.
alum :: alum and cream of tartar mordant
middle :: in the middle of the room.
probably :: and i i think that's probably central here.
financial :: well it might be that this turns out to be an extremely successful gamble, and branson has expanded virgin into a world recovery, or it may be that this airline runs into more serious financial difficulties in the middle of the decade, and it either contracts or it sells out to either an american or a continental european carrier.
steven :: hard to kill is a stuttering con-on-the-run action thriller squeezing second division hollywood couple steven seagal and kelly lebrock into a third-rate corruption and conspiracy plot.
puffs :: east puffs up profits
wake :: i thought: you prefer generalizations like after the revolution the workers will wake up filled with unbelievable joy to standing up to fascists like shadwell.
written :: when you were here you mentioned a collection of letters written by martin beale to his mother which came into your mother's possession later.
perdita :: christ! said perdita.
highest :: the same glorious sensation as she had felt that instant when, poised on the highest diving-board, she had known that this time she really did dare, that moment of poise and thrill before the free-fall.
close :: above birchill hospital, close-up
electricity :: a liquid electricity ran down her spine.
sucked :: jim sucked at his pint.
simple :: thus the question of whether a legal duty exists is for a positivist a relatively simple matter of examining the relevant commands, norms or rules of a legal system and does not involve a consideration of, for example, what this duty really means in political, economic or social terms.
attempted :: would the dg's success be jeopardised if spokesmen for rival accountancy bodies attempted to undermine him?
love :: love fosdyke adjusted himself to the change of subject.
crying :: she was shouting now, and nearly crying there were tears in her eyes.
illustrated :: they sit on the board of more than one company, and this creates a network of interlocking directorships, which is illustrated in figure 2.
job :: and it won't, as long as we do the job and keep security.
modern :: this is a modern war.
boys :: are there any east end boys here?
increase :: the aim was to increase knowledge of foreign countries among americans and increase friendships.
genetic :: the earlier unicellular species were by now well adapted to their environment, and only changed their biochemical functions because of the genetic errors, the mutations, that periodically occurred.
panel :: a panel of independent judges will be appointed.
cynthia :: she's called cynthia, said my mother as one who says, she's called cat-sick.
games :: now if parents, through playing games with their children that are based on words, could alert the child to the fact that print is a convention and that we can translate print into reality, obviously not as abstract as that, but just get the child used to knowing what print is, knowing what reading is, so that perhaps when they go to school they may well know this is a skill that they don't have, like they don't know, perhaps, how to ride a bike, they may not know how to swim, they certainly don't know how to drive a car, but they do know what sort of a thing driving a car is.
revised :: the revised application form.
spending :: colt would have liked his father to know how he was spending the next few days.
four :: ? dogs typically have four legs.
feeling :: i was feeling very well, and pleased with life.
jobs :: in clwyd, the terminal at point of ayr promised at most 132 jobs for the duration of the drilling process, she said.
water :: faced with drought, the las vegas valley water district has made 146 applications for access to 26 underground basins as far as 250 miles away and as much as 1,000 feet below the surface.
staff :: we need more staff.
belt :: each morning he came in from his alderbury home on a belt-driven douglas motor bike with sidecar.
asked :: what's in it? she asked.
sought :: in nigeria federal authority is very naturally devolved to state ministries, but these are larger in size and population than many sovereign african states, so it is within states as well as within smaller nations that true devolution is to be sought.
ground :: the plane is overloaded, he shouted at the ground staff, the colour rising in his face.
sharon :: she says they failed sharon, by not passing on warnings.
gave :: and yet, even though alex gave a performance quite as good as any he had given in taunton, he was not as good as banks.
helping :: soon we'll be helping the environment in some new ways.
specifically :: it does not require that they specifically be separated out.
purchased :: the life style of the bourgeois lady was purchased at the expense of a large class of servants, often prone to sexual depredations, and an equally vulnerable group of prostitutes.
anagrams :: anagrams and crosswords are well known but generally don't teach spelling.
enjoyed :: excluded from the political process in their newly adopted lands, where they were not allowed to vote, and anxious to ensure a higher standard of living in the new world than they had enjoyed at home, they were instrumental in the creation of early workers' organisations and political parties in latin america.
forget :: they soon forget.
contempt :: he spits with contempt and then begins to whimper suddenly and pick things off his body with a disgusted expression on his face.
policies :: our policies will extend that fine record throughout the 1990s.
convocation :: however, none of the people mentioned are convocation members.
bennett :: micky bennett's free-kick was flicked on by gary blissett and allon steered the ball in at the far post.
eager :: he points to research which shows children are eager to belong to their culture from infancy.
check :: but we need to check it .
matter :: the intense processing involved obviously exhausted too much of gav's thinly-stretch grey matter to allow speech in the near future, so he contented himself with a grunt and submerged again.
reward :: be imaginative in making up your reward scheme.
believed :: a survey conducted between 25 january and 8 february also showed 40 per cent believed bad debts were a big factor in their cash flows.
began :: david gray, 33, a local man believed to be suffering from depression, began shooting on the evening of nov. 13, and continued until he was shot dead by police 24 hours later.
airships :: thirty-three died, as apparently did passenger airships.
foreign :: a judicial investigation had opened on july 7, 1989, into the possible involvement of blecha, gratz and a former federal chancellor, alfred (fred) sinowatz, and the court dealing with the affair began preliminary inquiries in september into the role played by the sp finance minister, ferdinand lacina (minister for transport and state industries at the time); similar inquiries were also initiated into the former defence minister, friedhelm frischenschlger (fp), and a former minister of the interior and of foreign minister, erwin lanc (sp).
above :: above all, always retain the initiative when in danger.
pay :: mean you pay for it, course you do but then
1.09565 :: the new centre, which was to cost some 60,000,000 european currency units (1 ecu=usdollars 1.09565 or pounds 0.67654 as at july 5, 1989) was to be run by eurocontrol, the european organization for the safety of air navigation; it was intended only to co-ordinate, and not to replace, the separate national systems, however.
region :: it is a region my wife and myself know very well.
waste :: yes, there may be some waste in the health service, but i would suggest if we are to look for savings then start at the top.
cia :: i overheard various conversations between her and other cia people.
please :: er er er yes please.
bird :: i was so excited that i forgot i was going into a cage with a wild bird.
prerogative :: erm not only that, but erm whereas in the past it's tended to be at the prerogative of the education people, as it were, the teachers and the heads and the educational psychologists, to make the initial moves in categorization or making a statement, now the parents have a right to ask for an assessment, so perhaps in your case to your question it would have been yes, you could have in fact have erm initiated the moves.
bertie :: bertie wooster, where are you when we need you?
earns :: but mr thomas, who earns 40,000 a year as a stipendiary magistrate, brushed off his gesture.
dear :: have you got a pound coin i can borrow of you dear?
wagon :: your father wants you! he called to her, as he rode the wagon pony up on to the crisp, brittle moor where every blade of grass and bushy twig was petrified by frost.
revision :: these facts guide the course of your revision.
overseas :: in the late nineteenth century, when vast quantities of grain were shipped into british ports from overseas, the milling industry became concentrated at ports and in towns with good canal, rail or road links.
big :: the baby burped a big one.
container :: expensive to buy, they are sold in plastic bags, but will keep indefinitely in a well-sealed container.
enclosed :: cheques should be made payable to id glasson, and an sae enclosed with each order.
5.4 :: overall unemployment for 1989 was 5.4 per cent, and figures for january 1990 showed an increase of 275,000 in non-agricultural jobs.
'em :: dozens of 'em.
cutting :: the cap iron should be set as far as possible from the cutting edge.
inevitable :: i'm aiming to tell the truth; though mistakes are, i suppose, inevitable.
jasper :: me with dawn, mum with jasper the cat, my sister leanne with zara the kestrel, now deceased, and little sister annamarie with barry the guinea pig.
author :: the remaining four divisions treat rules of construction, principles, presumptions and canons but, as the author admits, the boundaries between them are far from clear.
us :: he also just missed us.
leading :: we also want to invite other leading nations, south africa and argentina.
really :: the real question in each such case is does the patient really mean what he says or is he merely saying it for a quiet life, to satisfy someone else or because the advice and persuasion to which he has been subjected is such that he can no longer think and decide for himself?
issue :: but the question of machinery is a very important issue.
started :: it was funny to see it when the babies started to crawl and the boys watched over them.
drugged :: i am drugged, she thought so feet drag.
aware :: even now that she had been made a director of the firm, laura was well aware that it didn't mean that she had a job for life.
war :: the post-war period had witnessed the growing professionalisation of the sport.
enhanced :: only lewis and jarvis will return with their bowling reputations enhanced.
anything :: but we haven't heard anything.
contemporary :: dr guttering is consultant psychologist to the royal institute of british architects, where he has studied prince charles's compulsion to attack contemporary architects.
razor :: candy, a travelling tinker, was arrested on 23 july for attempting to slash a man with a razor.
capital :: unsurprisingly, they attract capital.
inform :: well, right love we'll inform you know we just phone up and let them know what's happened.
vogue :: was not cushion the term which eventually became vogue for the extra help which was thrown over the poll tax time and again in a vain attempt to douse the flames of dissent.
smaller :: even at five or six years old they can look after the smaller ones and start fetching water and firewood.
built :: the dalek's power was conducted through the floors so you instantly dismissed any idea of the city being built from house bricks.
forces :: influenced by considerations such as these, successive leaderships had attempted since almost the beginning of the war to extricate their forces from the conflict.
d :: d do you want a little one from me then?
tribunal :: associated tunnelling co ltd the employment appeals tribunal (eat) held that the tribunal had correctly concluded that there was an implied term in mr jones's contract of employment to the effect that his employer had the right to transfer him to any site within reasonable daily commuting reach of his home.
increased :: labour's lead over the conservatives increased to 9.5 points after its party conference and the rise in interest rates last week, according to a gallup poll in today's daily telegraph.
award :: award ref no:
towards :: ted looked towards the board and made a face of surprise upon sighting his dart.
junction :: i said to the bloke i said how do you get out that junction?
fast :: comlon international plc operates a fast food franchise.
before :: you may, said neville, and i will give you that small part before you depart.
remarkable :: it's quite remarkable that a mere three years after liquifying helium he, he erm had got this tremendously important erm effect.
greet :: the smell of mothballs rose to greet her.
stratford :: peter stratford/chamber of commerce says swindon is in competition with europe and other towns and cities in britain.
every :: if this is true for you, it may be worth considering the movement that lies immanent in every english sentence.
share :: an opportunity to share in clerical medical's excellent investment performance
supposed :: that isn't supposed to be posh
role :: but it provided the occupant of this role with a very central and secure position within the group via a means that required no conflict with the rest of society.
blah :: but you were confusing him because you knew, where he's used to just sitting there and telling blah blah blah blah and
service :: since the advent of third party service companies, however, price competitiveness has become an important issue.
representations :: but precisely because of that, sex and sexual representations are important to us, and so we cannot allow a simple-minded anti-pornography consensus to stifle us.
v. :: rex v. dunsheath, ex parte meredith 1951 1 k.b.
spectrum :: the spectrum was scanned from 750 to 370nm and back to 750nm.
conform :: nottingham believed that once nonconformists realised how easy it would be to conform to the established church, few would wish to suffer the inconveniences that dissent still brought with it, so that the integrity of the anglican church would be preserved, without running the risk of a perpetual protestant schism.
wallet :: she'd searched and searched for the wallet.
excellent :: keep up the good work with your excellent magazine.
practical :: he climbed back into bed, laying the cello on the right-hand pillow, which was more practical since the telephone was on the left-hand side, and read some music while the child went on going through the numbers in the telephone directory.
decorating :: his coat of arms appears there and can also be seen decorating the hotel baren.
weather :: the subsequent crossing in the finest weather that could be wished was reminiscent of prince charles's negotiation of the river esk four months before; the troops with great cheerfulness waded through water that came up to their middles, to be rewarded on the far bank with rum and a biscuit.
cases :: in some cases blacks were less favourable than whites.
compilation :: it is also only too keen to buy and, just two months after the release of the world won't listen, rough trade were forced into the position of issuing yet another smiths compilation album, this time a double album, on to the english record racks.
especially :: the needs of children, especially those without parents, concerned the hearts and minds of christian people, and one such person was dr. stephenson, who founded a home for such children, in 1876, and that organisation became known as the national childrens' homes.
between :: there is no link between the cases in goats and sheep.
jus :: and jus just, just for the shopping?
dos :: wordstar pc dos
range :: if a particular relation is frequently referred to in a particular run, then the use of the range statement can reduce the work of the user.
continuously :: she had continuously offered her services to the rcm committee as a foster parent, but they had never found a suitable child and perhaps also felt that she was too poor to cope.
imagine :: she could just imagine him closing in for the kill.
straddles :: these are the purchased and written straddles.
function :: the referential function gains its prominence only at a later stage, and the metalinguistic function also comes later; these are the functions on which a considerable amount of attention is lavished at school.
malecon :: you wouldn't be able to walk along the malecon with me like this, for a start!
progressively :: the intermittency route to chaos was also inferred, with pure xenon in the laser tube, from a sequence in which a single frequency (with its harmonics) progressively broadened on increasing the discharge current, just as one would expect for increasingly frequent bursts of noise against a background of steady oscillation.
feb :: it was reported on feb. 27 that belgium had agreed to contribute 32,200,000 towards uk and french costs.
opinions :: that being said, i will reserve my right to my own opinions about gangsta rap.
gillespie :: whoever heard of gillespie road? he exclaimed.
george :: the duke had sent wallace three 10,000 cheques, the last one inscribed sock it to em, george!
linlithgow :: little mill, linlithgow
working :: but notice that this time the design area of the screen does not change colour, because you are not working with the main background colour.
reassembling :: spare overalls, loose packaging, an inflatable liferaft, most of the parts of a second-hand galley robot she'd picked up cheap and never quite got round to reassembling
cayenne :: then add the port-salut, minced as thinly as possible, the kirsch and a pinch of cayenne pepper.
account :: women aged over 38 years account for only 3% of mothers, but carry 23% of all down's babies.
bnfl :: from the next issue of bnfl news changes to our distribution system are planned to be phased in.
inherit :: without the information contained in the parish register, one might reasonably suppose that joseph and ann had three children, who were each to receive only a shilling unless ann remarried, upon which occasion they would inherit the entire estate.
looks :: it looks beautiful, doesn't it?
developed :: in edinburgh, the course originally developed as a means of helping foreign post-graduate students working in subjects as diverse as architecture, law, medicine, language teaching, and the physical sciences to write clearly and logically in english.
tears :: or moved to tears by its same sound.
arose :: by that i do not mean simply that christianity arose at a certain time in history.
even :: it is hard to think that the novelist intended the reader to find this even more gnomic and exasperating than the colleague seems to find it.
through :: winger jim fallon beats the gloucester cover for the try which took the kingsholm semi-final into extra-time before bath scraped through 2718.
li :: vietnam and china signed agreements during li's visit, guaranteeing foreign investment in each other's countries and encouraging economic, cultural and scientific co-operation.
tree :: he moved round the tree to reach her.
realised :: i hadn't realised mr marshall was not alone.
eyed :: the knowledge, pebble-eyed,
joint :: figure 5 shows how a joint purchasing consortium would work.
wonder :: no wonder linfield refused to trade philip knell for raymond campbell.
touch :: his public relations executive is probably working hard enough on his account, but they simply did not keep in touch on a regular basis.
scott :: no i'll chu i tell you, i'll chuck him and scott out if they both start.
quite :: i, who had neither place nor parents, got the prints of everybody's boots on my backside christian boots and jewish boots both, everybody was quite impartial.
kx :: now examine the effect of an increase in t kx for a given level of distortion.
expectations :: but his expectations were not to be fulfilled.
screens :: they went into a room with a red carpet and screens with oriental decorations.
baggley :: mrs baggley snorted, no, she wouldn't.
lzn :: ten minutes afterwards she had filled every available space on the card with news of her journey and her impressions of beautiful marinsk lzn, so that when it came to penning a signature there was barely any room for her own name, let alone room to add cara's.
leicester :: but to leicester square.
suddenly :: annie suddenly felt uncomfortable beneath his gaze.
mountain :: cardiff and district club side st albans have a mountain to climb in the fourth round of the newly-named swalec cup this afternoon.
luck :: you're out of luck.
noise :: a dog breeder has been fined eight hundred pounds for causing a noise nuisance.
portadown :: when, for the first time, the reverend john wesley stopped in portadown, then a village of about 700 inhabitants, on friday 10 april 1767 he made his oft-quoted remark that it was a place not troubled with any kind of religion.
requirements :: to the public, subordinating national interests to europe's requirements is of small account, so long as we sustain competitive sport.
context :: it seems fatuous to condemn companies like this for functioning as they must in the industrial and political context in which they find themselves.
assets :: marketability varies between assets; some assets are easily realizable, but some such as perhaps the shares of small companies may not find ready buyers.
look :: you don't look any older than i am.
qb :: in levison v patent steam carpet cleaning co ltd 1978 qb 69 the plaintiff telephoned the defendants and asked them to collect a carpet for cleaning.
society :: this period of upheaval was to have an epoch-making impact upon the whole structure of muscovite society.
horseback :: the typical crosspiece of the frankish spear implies the use of the weapon from horseback.
premature :: however, we should be wary lest use of such an emotive and pejorative term leads to premature dismissal of legitimate arguments.
bedroom :: the four of us share a two-bedroom, fourth-floor flat and things are going from bad to worse.
elusive :: to the end, certainty remained elusive.
seats :: previously, half the 120 seats were filled by a first-past-the-post system by department and half by a national party list system.
engineers :: built by dowty to house engineers and technicians they were much sought after
incredibly :: it was really so incredibly humiliating.
attacks :: ewshot startled the game on the attack, using their fast and skilful wingers, but once again thomson and dilworth at full-back proved to be the twin rocks on which these attacks foundered.
irvine :: ast research inc, irvine says it will open a manufacturing plant in europe by the end of the year, but has not yet chosen a location.
goats :: upstairs billy goats gruff ann?
similar :: with similar results.
necessary :: at the meeting of the lothian management group on thursday, 4 november 1992, a number of important matters were raised which makes it necessary for all the funding partners to meet.
taking :: have the government considered that and, if so, what steps is the minister taking to mitigate the losses involved?
called :: martha was about to reply when she saw the gleam in his eye and once more it was the day for it called on what she called her trappist exercises from the ever-helpful convent concentration camp which had made her what she was.
chiropodist :: corns and callouses are best treated by a chiropodist book an appointment soon so that your feet will look and feel their best in time for the summer.
padded :: she padded around until she located the kitchen.
peer :: first, there was the peer pressure from my colleagues.
opened :: he opened the door of his flat, and metal jingled among the coats on the hook.
reached :: as soon as they reached the schoolyard at lunchtime she demanded, did you pull down all the paintings?
achieved :: and because everything you've achieved, you've achieved on your own.
based :: it must have the additional power of a moral code based on a religion, and there is no part of human affairs in which this applies with more force than it does in the matter of child rearing.
flourished :: american know how and inventiveness flourished.
modifications :: however, problems with the tail units necessitated modifications being undertaken at the makers, and all three perths were temporarily out of service from october 1934 until july 1935.
pendant :: well twenty pounds for it, the little initial pendant.
delectable :: all i have to do, he muttered, is kiss those very delectable lips and
stars :: stars with masses above the chandrasekhar limit, on the other hand, have a big problem when they come to the end of their fuel.
event :: a stimulus that is reliably followed by a given consequence (whether this be a us or no event at all) can be ignored.
disclosed :: he also disclosed that the soviet union was awaiting some sort of reaction from nato.
though :: even though it's may, one gets cold sitting still.
telly :: the telly was on.
growth :: indeed, employers are urged not to interfere with the human being s stages of growth and the requirements of an education appropriate to those stages.
relying :: in these circumstances, he submits, relying principally upon the judgments of sir nicolas browne-wilkinson v.-c. in derby co.
ten :: be so kind, please, as to enquire from your colleagues whether any of them brought a fare from the theater an der wien this evening at about, thiercelin consulted his watch ten minutes before seven, and where he took him.
secure :: along with this has often gone a general rejection of the idea of a first philosophy, more secure than, or prior to, the sciences, and an acceptance of the naturalistic doctrine that a philosophical account of knowledge should be permitted to use empirical information drawn from the sciences.
entire :: we would have to put the entire army in jail.
0.1 :: the headlines had already been written when eddy and boornazian suggested that the sun was shrinking at a rate of 0.1 per century.
shortly :: shortly after his father died the new earl said how regrettable it was that he had died alone.
husband :: anyway, that's what she told her husband.
speciality :: what's your speciality?
alright :: your alright because there blank, because there blank pieces of paper aren't they, they don't know anything.
parliamentary :: one thing is very clear: the road to constitutional change via a bill of rights, a written constitution, and an attack on parliamentary sovereignty is likely to be a long and bitter haul.
terminally :: overall assessment: terminally twittish to the point of tragedy.
arrogance :: as the uruguayan writer eduardo galeano observes: if what is written is read seriously and to some extent changes or nourishes the consciousness of the reader, a writer has justified his or her role in the process of change: with neither arrogance nor false humility, but with the recognition of being a small part of something vast.
betsy :: it was little betsy who couldn't hide her unhappiness, although even she had had moments when she was able to giggle.
leaving :: she says she's leaving.
institution :: on the eve of his sentencing, mr nathan spoke to the independent in the tel aviv office of the institution for which he is best known, his popular offshore radio station.
shoot :: i just couldn't bring myself to shoot him
kitchen :: she says it's more comfortable under the kitchen table.
oils :: she asks owners to be careful about what kind of oils they use on their pets.
bella :: there's a girl i know of called bella something, said mary.
stone :: what sort of landscape did such palaeolithic (old stone age) and later mesolithic (middle stone age) people find and create, and what sort of economy did they practise?
neo :: neo-nazis in eastern germany
show :: souness can sweat his own blood and tears for liverpool but sees few others ready to show that kind of commitment.
mib :: a great advantage of using this procedure is that the court can order substituted service on mib even where the defendant vanishes after the accident and is never found, provided he was properly identified.
number :: mandlikova was number three for four years between 1983 and 1987, taken to such heights by two successes in australia and wins in the french and the u.s. opens.
counts :: no, on both counts.
position :: the subsequent bargaining position between me and the assembler will depend a great deal on the nature of the ownership structure regarding this asset, and may be subject to dispute, especially if i acquire some knowledge as a result of using it.
handicap :: my home club is coombe hill in kingston, surrey, and i play off a handicap of 17.
centre :: it was three centuries and the hundred years war indeed before the english lost it, in which time bayonne did well, not least as a centre of the wine trade with england equal in prosperity to bordeaux.
parts :: on the contrary, multiplicity of parts gives an impression of strength and fullness, so if anything division of parts produces added strength rather than a weakening.
philip :: philip doesn't want to go out, but there is an urgency in iain's voice: what's the worst crime you can imagine? he asks.
meet :: charlton's directors hope to meet the leader of the council on thursday to clarify the position.
8 :: there is a default on the 8 per cent czechoslovak republic dollar bonds of 1922, and also on the cities of greater prague and carlsbad bonds issued in 1924.
hall :: at least yes, the great hall .
always :: why was it my job always to go in pick them up and .
halo :: it was here that the rising air from the plain turned to vapour and formed the miraculous halo.
soon :: try and get that going as soon as possible.
statistics :: 15: statistics, computing and methodology
chances :: he created two other simple chances and missed two himself.
oxford :: swindon against villa would be some match and oxford have every incentive to beat sunderland with another home tie
able :: will the children ever see their parents again and will peter be able to revive his childhood powers and save them?
fucking :: fucking marvellous, he would say.
women :: the suddenly rendered-visible women who attracted attention were working with anti-sculptural, anti-formal, alternative strategies and were mobilised around the hyperactive lucy lippard (who, until then, had been very partial to male artists in her exhibition projects and writings). 6 griselda pollock in vision and difference draws attention to a conference paper by nicole dubreuil blondin who addressed the antipathy between modernism and feminism and analysing lucy lippard's trajectory as a critic. 7
upset :: i used to, there's one of the women i work with used is a shout and she used to upset me and
commander :: general westmoreland, the american commander in vietnam, soon called for further reinforcements, claiming that peace was just around the corner.
implants :: things that i think shouldn't be done on the health service are breast implants
psychic :: it is unwise for the average psychic to try to increase psychic ability.
respond :: it has been observed in education in general that students respond to and learn from some techniques more than others.
prevalence :: this coincided, however, with an increasing prevalence of the conditions and institutions which should lead us to expect the reporting and recording of offences to grow in proportion to the actual occurrence of victimization.
apologised :: i'm afraid sherry is all i have, she apologised.
activities :: the determinants of an individuals' welfare can be broadly classified as depending upon their own capacity to care for themselves combined with (a) market activities and relationships; (b) the behaviour of significant others as providers of informal care amongst whom family members are likely to be the most important; and (c) the role played by the state.
glance :: but the woman's insults rankled, as did her earlier insolence for her contemptuous glance had raked theda's person when she had dared to ask at the feathers for a room for the night.
escapement :: the escapement transformed: stein and silbermann
abraham :: and the lord's special favour was to be shown not only to abraham and his family but to all men through him.
33448 :: formal co-operation mechanisms between the three countries ceased to function when the east african community collapsed in 1977 see pp. 31497; 33448; 35752.
shopping :: the light dawned: it wasn't her pillock of a little brother at all, but la famille cantona out doing the shopping.
e1b :: the reporter plasmid, g5ec, which contains five binding sites for the gal4 protein and the e1b tata box in front of the cat gene, was kindly provided by drs.
sides :: meanwhile, the use of selective internment on both sides of the border as a means of curbing the present spate of violence was rejected today by the republic's minister for foreign affairs, dick spring, and by the sdlp leader, john hume.
enough :: enough to set it
boats :: well, we'd heard of burning one's boats, but really!
crossed :: he has crossed the frontier.
copyright :: unfortunately, this area of law is far from straightforward and the copyright, designs and patents act 1988 has done little to simplify matters.
moon :: how do you see moon babies exactly?
matters :: if he cannot accept it, can he at least dispatch a team of scottish office officials to see matters on the ground and report back to the scottish office on the grim situation faced by the islands?
words :: as soon as the words were out of her mouth she regretted them.
heatherington- :: an exclusive lady, mrs heatherington-
lived :: who knows how long that fly might have lived if there had not been a battered ruler lying to hand.
kept :: he felt like a kept man.
emerges :: a sort of heat haze, as opposed to the intense burning sensation of the stripe paintings, emerges as if we are looking through a veil or over a great distance at flat lands.
voice :: skin and hair and voice.
disappeared :: in the 1950s there were certainly many state bodies which could trace their history and internal structure back over generations but much of this has disappeared into the subsequent maelstrom of administrative change.
terms :: many schemes, in fact, operate a sliding scale of benefits with more generous terms offered to those who retire later rather than earlier.
strike :: even if the silk sheets did strike a somewhat inappropriate note: this was not unbridled passion, but rather comfort-sex the first time they'd felt the need for it.
sales :: the ar person's job doesn't end with handing over the record to the marketing, promotion and sales teams.
standing :: m ( we were standing in the room ).
vandalised :: make sure it weren't vandalised.
shall :: murphy shall take you and you may borrow my pearls.
correspondent :: by david hencke westminster correspondent
obviously :: oh well she's obviously decided she likes it.
afraid :: and for a moment he was afraid that the huge grin he could not control was going to stretch his face permanently out of shape.
trouble :: th th the trouble is the government seems to go the other way, and er, when when it should be learning my opinion, lowering the age at which you receive your pension, they want to extend the age into which you have to work.
grips :: the thing is, i mean we're hardly to getting to grips with other people .
questions :: the activity needs to consider such critical questions as:
form :: however, in new firms, or in firms in which there is not an established union, the union may not form unless it can provide an excludable good or agency service that is increasing in membership.
korea :: he denied acting as a north korean spy and justified his visit to north korea and his discussion with north korean officials as motivated by his desire to see korea reunified.
lie :: although i agree that it is always dangerous to assume that the causes of emotional disturbances lie more in the past than the present, i also know that families, like individuals, in western societies have histories, and that no two families, happy or unhappy, develop in exactly the same way.
o'hare :: o'hare (21) is interesting first division 5 barnsley while scottish clubs partick thistle and hamilton are monitoring mcivor's progress.
unsure :: unsure, don't know.
wrong :: something wrong, john? she asked.
jay :: life is not all lust, said jay, swatting him.
government :: i do not believe that the government would have introduced the bill had a woolf not been at the door.
include :: the troops include marching bands, standard bearers mounted forces, motorcycle outriders and french colonial soldiers.
waited :: i see, peter said, and waited.
ph :: usually, ph limits of between 7 and 9 are desirable, that is, no acidity and only bicarbonate alkalinity, although for some purposes stricter limits may be necessary.
mountains :: best known of the eastern glens, with a deserved reputation for the variety and beauty of its landscapes, is glen affric, a long straight cutting through the mountains that provides a connecting link between east and west for travellers on foot.
argues :: lal krishna advani's bjp argues that a nation that is 80% hindu can peacefully assume an official hindu identity.
hurt :: it'll, it will hurt me.
safe :: skills required for safe drug administration and management.
architecture :: nothing could equal the artistic splendour of its architecture and the beauty of its interiors
past :: he swallowed, choking, desperate to believe he was dreaming, but the last time he'd slept was last night in the jeep, baboons swinging down from the dark overhead to scratch and scream at the windows, huge shadows lumbering past beyond the reach of the headlights.
religious :: a more sophisticated form of vernacular religious music of the counter-reformation was the madrigale spirituale which began to flower in 1581 with the publication of the first book of madrigali spirituali a cinque voci by the imperial kapellmeister philipp de monte (15211603), another italianized fleming.
lethargy :: as dieting progresses, the feeling hardens into voracious hunger; restlessness gives way to energy-conserving lethargy.
forgiving :: so the cross proceeds from a forgiving god who wants people to be reconciled to him.
mine :: after all, it was in her interests as much as mine.
top :: top scorer, craig maskell banged the kick in for his 13th of the season.
box :: gazzer's not in that pill-box, she said.
hundred :: west indians, for example, were, less than two hundred years ago, sold into slavery and separated from their african culture.
louise :: now, the idea for the curtained cab appears to have come to flaubert as a result of his own eccentric conduct in paris when anxious to avoid running into louise colet.
hannay :: alan larkman, timo hannay, ken stratford julian jack
estate :: i saw an e sierra in the paper for about three thousand that had only done forty thousand er, an estate.
title :: the decade saw the death in 1915 of one of the greatest supporters of the british deaf community in sir arthur henderson fairbairn, who rejoiced in the title of the only deaf and dumb baronet in the world.
threshold :: everyone has their own threshold for harassment.
heavy :: armiger surged to the head of the st leger betting as heavy rain produced the soft ground in which he revels.
obvious :: this statement of the obvious met with a blank stare.
enforcement :: i have been in correspondence with him since then and he tells me that it would not be possible to give enforcement high priority. there appears to be a clear conflict between your discussions and the sessional order on one hand, and the priorities of the metropolitan police on the other.
extent :: given the extent to which geographic information management is applications driven, it is important to consider in some depth the characteristics of some potential application fields.
alison :: what no one could have bought, what wasn't for sale at any price, was alison's way with the place.
small :: big fish with small tankmates
grateful :: in my area, and we are most grateful for that.
network :: while the cup is expected to be viewed by billions overseas, no more than four per cent of u.s. television viewing households will tune in, network officials project.
units :: it emphasizes the eye, not the ear; it therefore encourages the rational calculation of complex, unique structures and effects and the manipulation of hierarchies of textural parts, formal units and performing roles.
determine :: on the plaintiffs' originating summons for a declaration that the ombudsman did not have jurisdiction to investigate and determine the borrowers' complaints:
chase :: this is what happens during a successful chase, as one individual falls behind or gets separated in some way from the rest.
stocked :: these were all covered over with baulks of timber secured with concrete and well stocked with food and weapons.
field :: what had possessed her to look through those field-glasses?
frequented :: finally, memphis is not frequented by most members of the american museum community.
geoff :: don't touch please geoff
ask :: i have to ask: was it you?
provide :: would it be possible to utilise taxes to provide jobs directly?
verification :: however, it's english-like, with a clever prompting system, and dataease can provide automatic verification for syntax and other errors.
melted :: when set paint the necessary features eyes, whiskers and nose on the rabbit's face, using melted white chocolate.
death :: i don't want the responsibility of having to tell jimmy's parents that he's died a sudden and violent death.
eastern :: a bat-eared fox in kenya deposited its scats on the top of a low hill with a shallow gully running down its eastern side (see plan on p. 8).
cultural :: most of this adaptability depends upon cultural invention but, in a limited fashion, homo also seems to undergo quite rapid genetic adaptation to specialized local conditions.
cocked :: lonie opened one eye and cocked it ready.
morning :: i can't get under ten minutes in the morning to sha to have a shave.
confirm :: in the event, empirical work in general (as noted above) does not appear to confirm the presence of large disincentive effects, although for negative income tax (nit), experiments in the usa undertaken in the 1970s did produce significant negative-work-hours responses of the order of 7 per cent reduction for males, 25 per cent for wives and 15 per cent for female heads of households (see robins and west 1980).
seat :: the cots were disposed to form a long seat along one side of the coach, the remaining floor space being clear.
acts :: when that help was given the spirit of the lord caught up philip, just like ezekiel long before him, and philip was found at azotus, and passing on he preached the gospel (acts 8:26,39,40).
code :: the code was then broken, and the results are presented in table ii.
discover :: how nice to discover.
operation :: however, the government will wish to be closely concerned with the operation of the company to ensure that this does not provide a blanket guarantee to underwrite whatever losses the company makes through its own stupidity or inefficiency.
wool :: the 12 sweater designs in the new trowark collection are hand-knitted or quality machine-knitted and hand finished in cotton, linen or wool yarns.
goodnight :: until then, goodnight.
future :: there is no doubt that future historians will look to a more complex structure of data.
boxing :: but the boxing power structure is white and it's going to be a slow change.
90432 :: 90432 mineral south
constantly :: this question is constantly reviewed.
unzipped :: you don't have to do much, mary said as she unzipped her bag.
king :: east returns the king of clubs.
reserves :: have they been playing as a strike pair for the reserves??
roamed :: dark brown horses roamed freely, nosing round the caravans and grazing midst the rubbish, like black bears scavenging around national park campsites in america.
myself :: then i accused myself of ungenerosity.
jed :: jed stood up.
notably :: before the end of the decade, plastic containers notably ici's own pet bottles and jars had begun to threaten the glass container industry a major consumer of soda ash.
selectively :: you would deduce that the lymphocytes, having specific receptors, would be selectively concentrated at that site.
area :: it appears that little is known about how venous ulcers might be prevented, and this is clearly another urgent area for research.
kb :: sizes are given in kb.
marked :: this is the most marked of all thematic choices in english.
male :: when the tadpoles hatch, they immediately wriggle to the male and climb on his back.
pepper :: beat the eggs with the cheese and the parsley and season to taste with salt and pepper .
ninety :: the function was chaired by fred pooley and ninety two members attended.
dirk :: late in 1989, dirk coetzee, a scourge of black anc terrorists, defected to the enemy.
threw :: you wait here, she threw back over her shoulder.
healthy :: healthy relations between all involved in the leading of worship are at the heart of the matter.
european :: it came at a time of growing interest among member countries of the european communities (ec) in new sources for cheaper supplies of bananas, following the relaxation of the preferential access granted to certain african and caribbean countries covered by the ec's lom convention agreement see pp. 37210-11.
certainly :: and the wrapping certainly isn't which ray's taken up with them anyway.
morphine :: these are the body's pain suppressors, rather like a natural form of the drug morphine.
tried :: they've tried to kill me.
bigger :: this is all the more true because of a trend towards bigger finance houses, which are chewing into a shrinking cake.
traps :: this leads to several traps:
st :: her father, richard rollerson, was the physician to whom james was attached at st bartholomew's, and he had cultivated maud rollerson's friendship early for the purpose of improving his status with his tutor.
resultant :: judicial intervention which occurs only when the resultant agency decision is substantively arbitrary will be insufficient, because there may be many instances when it falls short of this, but still wholly or partially ignores the views of interested parties.
servant :: they were admitted by a surprised servant, who had been told to keep the young man out of the house, but not, or not yet, miss dinah, who had firm hold of mr arkwright's hand.
life :: truly my living words could vindicate me; ask helen, if they would not., the necessary complement to the epistolary picture of his oxford life is his own book oxford , published three years after he came down.
oz :: 50g/2oz mixed peel, finely chopped
preparation :: he belonged to the party, of course, and to a trade union, but he did not resume the chairmanship of committees, the taking of minutes, the preparation of agendas.
length :: for a given visual angle, image size depends on focal length.
visited :: endill visited the library.
file :: its fasware software includes a proprietary 80,000-line real-time kernel and an all-important write anywhere file layout file system designed from the ground up to handle files up to 4gb and requiring no disk partitioning, a traditional unix nightmare.
design :: professor bernard isaacs of birmingham university has said: if you design for the young, you exclude the old.
court :: appellate court minute book, 48/78
swimsuit :: with a swimsuit i can swim with ana and get to know her better.
patterns :: could they describe any patterns in these numbers?
enquiry :: bernice began, but the spirit of enquiry was sapped by the deceiver in her brain.
sink :: the highways department will sink or swim on the basis of everyone pulling together.
churchillian :: the peroration was typically churchillian.
ivy :: she disliked everything about the clarence, the rough scrape of the moquette against her legs, the synthetic velvet which covered the walls, the baskets of ivy spiked with artificial flowers above the bar, the gaudiness of the carpet.
tonnes :: soviet steel mills need 346,000 tonnes of coking coal a day but are getting only 200,000.
parachute :: if they were lucky his and his recruit's parachute might have time to open.
girl :: the independent already knew the name of the girl concerned.
eighth :: perhaps it should come as no surprise then that his approach to the eighth symphony has broadened and mellowed over the years, losing in the process much of its russian accent and instead seeking out more refined, more purely musical nuances.
25 :: most of the 25 northeasterners who died hailed from the teesside area.
glories :: jack birkenshaw, back where he has always felt he most belongs, has a hard job ahead in trying to restore leicestershire to their long-lost glories.
occupational :: occupational groups clearly vary considerably in the sanctions and resources at their disposal (hyman 1980).
sams :: sams jailed for life
looked :: she would never be a great beauty, he knew, but she had a natural charm and personality that lent an extra depth to her character, and he imagined that this would have been how his mother would have looked at a similar age.
image :: he is the image!
support :: i hope that hon. members will support our amendment.
evil :: the leaves and stems become soft and blackened and the root evil-smelling and gelatinous.
charges :: the new allegations against her are being made by a woman who was convicted on the same charges and is out on bail with her.
ankles :: it swirled over her ankles.
education :: by far the most damaging proposition which the secretary of state has advanced in his 12 months in office is likely seriously and adversely to affect the standard and quality of education in our schools.
baptism :: it has been the setting for the marriages of numerous mps and the subsequent baptism of their offspring in its welsh marble font.
abroad :: i have acted for your great-uncle for more than twenty years now, and have often been left in charge of his affairs during his long absences abroad, on digs all over europe and north africa and the middle east, everywhere that the roman and graeco-roman power extended.
bell :: bell atlantic corp's new jersey bell telephone co subsidiary has issued 100m of 7.25% debentures due march 1 2023 and callable in 10 years, at 99.596%.
dealers :: dealers have last tidy up
matched :: the codewords matched.
juliet :: so it didn't matter that romeo and juliet is set in italy.
1.4767 :: sterling also rallied from a low of 1.4767 to close at 1.4825, two thirds of a cent lower on the day.
laura :: look inside, laura.
entitled :: additionally, those entitled to income support receive full help with their rent and up to 80 per cent assistance with their community charge.
proximal :: the butyric acid concentration was particularly high in the proximal colon and this has been reported to induce diffrentiation in colonic cancer cell lines.
conference :: the conference is intended for organisers, supporters and all interested in christian aid's work.
defined :: she does not believe in the vance-owen plan for the division of bosnia into ethnically-defined regions and says the un peace keeping forces are failing the country.
class :: the person most likely to vote is a white, middle class, middle aged male home owner.
active :: now that the active birth thing has become more and more accepted, i'm seen as only marginally peripheral.
granted :: he took it for granted that people would fall in love with eva.
cm :: melt the butter and cut the filo pastry into 10 cm (4 in) strips.
eating :: this eye contact unnerved the girl and sent the mother near hysterical, but having decided that they either meant no harm or, alternatively, that they were no good for eating, the orca lost interest and left.
chinaman :: the chinaman, miss kenton?
sell :: what sort of things did they sell in the shop.
leg :: mind you, he was younger in those days, and a fit man in spite of his leg.
distance :: certificate in religious education by distance learning
thief :: see how like a pretty thief she looks.
holiday :: it was a curious mixture of staid respectability with overtones of holiday fun.
rebound :: you know if they wan wanted to rebound it.
tube :: both sizes of tube clips are supplied.
army :: edward will be at the head of a great army, thousands of men.
sake :: who on earth ever talks to miss hatherby, for goodness sake!
harrowing :: while the polemics of factory reform tended to publicise the most harrowing cases, it is clear that pauper children uprooted from distant institutions, lodged in dormitories and fed parsimoniously were perhaps the least protected group in eighteenth-century society.
window :: glance at myself in a shop window: no.
examples :: to demonstrate how powerful software can be, here are some examples from different aspects of personnel systems: record administration, reporting, and analysis.
green :: the basic colouration is greyish-blue to green, with a pearly iridescence and blue to green iridescent patches on the scales.
ideological :: nevertheless, what was called national conservatism shared an undoubted ideological affinity with national socialism.
drops :: girl drops divorce
rising :: the land of the rising sun turned to the land of the pouring rain for practice
else :: what else do we know?
report :: video-taped report follows
ira :: police snatch double agent hunted by ira
himself :: he added that youths from the area, including himself, had been in the house before the night of the fire.
fulham :: photographs, forensics, the best team fulham have got.
mercedes :: princess diana had the right idea sending back her mercedes car.
howled :: who were those men? he howled.
rehearsed :: and they rehearsed it as well.
duncan :: woodward took the folder back from duncan.
organised :: the trip was a business studies course organised by manchester business school, and worcester's mp is demanding an explanation.
agriculture :: there are huge gaps to bridge in the uruguay round in less than two months, in areas such as services and textiles as well as agriculture.
graphics :: mentor graphics to stop selling workstations by next year
exhausted :: in calcutta, where the electricity supply is erratic, it can take a month to replace an exhausted lpg cylinder.
light :: you see that's the red light.
splashed :: then it splashed furiously into the camp.
jumped :: cora-beth jumped up from her chair and flung herself into her father's arms.
interval :: it was a face that joseph and flavia sherman would have recognized instantly from their encounter with the annamese journalist in the palace of khai dinh at tet exactly five years earlier because it had changed little, if at all, in the interval of time.
talking :: i like it when you're not talking, he agreed, and gave her a look of scorching intimacy.
leave :: when the marriage broke down the husband asked the wife to leave the matrimonial home.
distances :: pope, however, distances himself from those who recommend a slavish adherence to the ancient rules and models.
unkind :: it was unkind of me.
council :: the french council was stunned into silence by this intransigent retort.
bloody :: it's about a twenty minute long band practice that's about how long it usually bloody is.
continually :: during their lives, willses have continually contended against ill health: even those who have attained the biblical quota of three score years and ten have suffered at least one serious illness.
beyond :: in zambia, the provision of hybrid maize seed, fertiliser and marketing services to small-scale farmers dated from the mid 1960s; in kenya the provision of such services was extended for the first time in the 1960s well beyond the kikuyu.
solihull :: in the only match to be played in area 2, norman green solihull made dramatic headway, shooting up the table from fifth to third place, following their first win of the season against corby.
rangers :: when i came to rangers i knew i'd have to change attitudes.
dale :: but a short time later michael saw dale walk out onto the balcony to play with his toys.
distrusts :: he distrusts them all.
eyes :: let eyes bleed
hands :: colour some of the fondant or marzipan (about three-quarters) black and use to mould a sheep's head, dusting your hands with icing sugar or cornflour.
interested :: promotional packs have been sent to over 100 organisations and a number of discussions have taken place with interested parties.
angel :: you're catching on, angel.
pm :: when i visited the dairy we left at 2pm, after cleaning the walls, floor and all the cheesemaking equipment.
feel :: we have a nice bath in this flat which makes one feel glad.
pockets :: stuff your pockets.
initial :: an initial attempt at hand-crafting a small set has been successful, and alternative approaches to pure hand-crafting are currently being investigated.
6 :: now, after 6 years of research, beaumann believes one of the great puzzles of the second world war will never be solved.
islington :: islington is still london?
jenkins :: my keys, jenkins replied.
mediated :: the fact that the beverages with low alcohol content stimulate gastrin release whereas alcohol itself does not do so suggests that this response is mediated by the non-ethanolic component of the beverage.
paying :: it's cheaper than we're paying now isn't it?
optimistic :: you're very optimistic yeah .
direction :: the arrow suggests the direction of his effort.
move :: in the study factors affecting the time taken to move spatial targets will be manipulated, and interference with spatial memory will be investigated.
faced :: white-faced, with a three-day-old beard, hollow cheeks and staring eyes, sikes looked like a ghost.
commodities :: berg traded in commodities and provided finance for other commodity traders.
demands :: the demands upon those involved in the management of implementation are equally great and often overlooked.
m494tw :: above: mats connie m494tw made its debut at oshkosh and within a day's flying had taken to loose formation work with her bigger sister.
daddy :: when it was clear that he was, rose cried, you frightened the life out of us, daddy.
changing :: but we used to littlewoods used to give us an order, for one machine, or two machines, and you could keep your machine on this one particular set of curtains, without changing your jacks, without changing your beams, without changing your bodies, you could work straight on and on and on.
institutions :: moreover, for most people the law these institutions make is the law that counts in their lives.
heard :: lord donaldson of lymington m.r. these appeals, which we heard consecutively, have a common factor.
chancellors :: sir: peter wilby's endorsement of the vice-chancellors' proposal to charge undergraduates full fees (29 september) confuses two quite different issues; expansion and access.
germany :: as richards (1989) discusses, there are currently 26 out of 300 possible landfill sites in britain which are producing energy on a commercial basis, and there is considerable scope for increased biogas production as there is in west germany and the usa.
tv :: we support the campaign to keep eldorado on the tv.
ball :: completely lost for the ball to drop gently into the net.
food :: neither does the level of dirt provide harbourage or food for pests that might result in infestation nor materially affect any disinfection process subsequently applied.
rooms :: they are but rooms, my lady
aa :: aa faces 400m suit
minimum :: during the design of a pressure vessel, for example, the constraints to be observed may be: 1) minimum internal volume, 2) maximum size, 3) minimum number and size of flange bolts, 4) minimum wall thicknesses, 5) maximum stress concentrations.
shaped :: looked at from the ground, however, a rather different picture emerges, since it is clear that in many constituencies local issues were of greater importance, and even where national issues played a role, they were often distinctively shaped by peculiar local circumstances.
unevenness :: as more and more peoples have become involved in the modern world, the perception of the unevenness of social and economic conditions has grown more extreme.
cavity :: cavity wall insulation
waist :: at two thirty-five, the front door was opened by penman, and alexandra, in a green wool crpe dress with a lace jabot and a good deal of complicated silk braid around the hem, under a coat of similar fabric, slit to the waist at the back and sides to allow for the movement of her skirts, and a hat swathed in green gauze and decorated on the left hand side with brown velvet pansies, came down the steps and climbed in.
explosion :: this transition was characterized, inter alia, by the explosion of the popular classes onto the political and social scene.
clears :: then his face clears.
davies :: in the year we had a large number of retirements; danny davies, gwyn bowen, dudley powell and harry nelson from ffos las; george collis, ritchie williams and vernon williams from gilfach iago and john kilkenny from potatopot.
significant :: however, there are significant differences.
undertake :: in his view, they should be able to undertake more thorough investigations and be placed in a position to ask children and parents about their plans for the future.
accounts :: a total of 420,000 has been received by companies house in fines following the introduction of penalties for the late filing of accounts on 1 july 1992.
opportunities :: a series of bad experiences, such as ill-disciplined students or an insensitive works-manager will jeopardise a partnership, as will differing practices on, for example, equal opportunities.
bowled :: she says they were bowled over by the video.
permits :: uk firms fail to apply for pollution permits
commanding :: a sharp, commanding clearing of the highest-ranking throat indicates that the speech is not yet finished.
spend :: spend all the time with wynn.
innocent :: what court could agree to keep a defendant behind bars when he stood a fair chance of leaving jail, three years later, an innocent man?
action :: liberal democrat leader paddy ashdown, who has committed his party to supporting the government claiming he is voting for britain's future in europe, called labour's action dishonest.
sponges :: a successful group of sponges has taken to boring into the shells of other organisms.
criticism :: the ability of the police complaints authority to supervise may counter the criticism that there is a lack of rigour in the investigation.
shot :: straight after st georges he shot a 65 and 64 in the benson and hedges, and won it.
bone :: several groups have now used the polymerase chain reaction to try to recover paramyxovirus sequences from pagetic bone.
essential :: if feeding beef and fish pieces (to any piscivore, not just these) please remember that they do not contain the calcium and other minerals found in the bones of their natural diets and therefore it is essential to provide prawns or feeder shrimps fairly regularly.
dancing :: there is no dancing.
skill :: the committee itself concluded that the overall technical standard of the operation has been high, both in the sense that the signal itself has been generated with great skill and proficiency and that the practical and logistical problems associated with presence of televising personnel and equipment have been kept to a minimum.
expected :: uefa bosses are expected to visit britain at the end of this season to look at possible host stadiums.
west :: alexander rodchenko, a pioneer of constructivism, whose work has possibly had more impact in the west than any other russian photographer.
television :: he was followed by the closed-circuit television operator, who filmed a video of the whole scene for use later in the investigation.
shrugged :: she shrugged her shoulders.
liable :: most sandgrouse are liable to flock with other species.
rouses :: it rouses far-off memories of infancy, of being handled and given comfort.
di :: di di di di
request :: pi has failed to add a request for moving modules across the network to your lifespan authorisation file in your default directory.
2.0 :: borland international inc is ready with a new release of its dbase iv database management system for ms-dos and will announce the release of a ms-dos compiler for dbase for the end of the month; according to us pc week, dbase iv 2.0 is designed to run up to 10 times faster than the previous release and the compiler will enable developers to create dbase iii, dbase iii plus and dbase iv executable files that can be distributed to end users.
standards :: indicators of standards of living are estimated for each income level for each household type.
age :: which i wouldn't have thought is extortionate in this day and age.
1992 :: so project 1992 will grind to a halt.
devise :: in her present mood, it would relieve her feelings to devise a sticky end for her.
winding :: winding down the road from culmington to bromfield, in the valley of the river corve you see church farm rising above the river in its rich red brick with rooks wheeling above and the steep stanton lacy wood behind.
longbright :: locking up his desk, he headed across the hall to sergeant longbright's office.
history :: gradually, over the years, i would piece together another family history; of those who had come to scotland in the terrible years of the 1840s, some of whom, indeed, had even been irish catholics.
spiritual :: chapter five of matthew, happier those conscious of the spiritual needs since the kingdom of the heavens belongs to them and we're encouraged to do that aren't we?
1000 :: indeed, the situation changed so swiftly that there is almost no resemblance between the political maps of spain for 1000 and 1050, or again between those covering the times of the birth and death of el cid.
bein :: well, bein' as how i was there, like.
mad :: i'd go mad!
hereford :: some obligation bounced back from a season in the doldrums with a five-length win at hereford last month and is capable of following up.
farmer :: i have been an organic farmer for twenty-five years, and look upon nature as an integrated and living entity based on an amazingly intricate and balanced plan.
sold :: do we really want to go down in history as the generation which sold for a mess of pottage the finest british companies, which have successfully built brand names and franchises of high repute over a century or more?
honest :: he would only be able to find his way back to her when he managed, for once in his life, to be honest about what he really felt and believed.
writer :: i kept trying to remember what a good time sugar and spite had been and goodstyle , a history of art revue i'd written and pinched and compiled for duncan of jordanstone college of art, dundee, when i'd been writer in residence.
enhance :: now that buses are no longer designed to enhance the streets they serve, manchester has a chance to make a fresh start with its trams.
bit :: bit quicker this kind.
margaret :: he leaves a wife, margaret.
hold :: instead his hands were eagerly outstretched, and she moved towards him knowing that life could hold no greater happiness than this.
local :: before that it was a local.
basal :: in the present study, basal plasma gastrin concentrations in the group as a whole were within the normal range, although there was a subset in which basal gastrin was raised.
lies :: the second lies in the adoption of a more flexible and decentralised policy for curriculum planning and implementation.
create :: create a file containing the application form, bank references, status reports and any other applicable notes or documents.
spot :: peasley said, you couldn't even spot the ball.
ogden :: for the most part, morrissey is the hilda ogden of pop, harassed and hard done-by.
note :: make a note of topics that the book usefully covers and keep it safe.
ey :: ey it comes with
libran :: justin toper is a libran.
late :: he was met by the angry governess, who had waited up late.
1991 :: one was of the 1991 touring side and the other, the 1923 team.
relatively :: in terms of the demographic transition it is a great puzzle to explain why the response to them was so late in a relatively literate, urbanized, and industrialized society where returns from children do not seem to have been plausible for a long time (r. m. smith 1981).
23 :: on a visit to beijing on jan. 18-23, deputy premier jan janowski met the chinese premier li peng.
reception :: he himself had resolved, as soon as possible, to call on dr heatherton and his wife, for the chaplain had undoubtedly eased his reception into the university of glasgow.
africa :: and, while not denying the severity of poland's problems, the scale of economic hardship and poverty facing africa makes them stand out as candidates for debt relief.
year :: general release and porting will be in january of next year.
accident :: yes, if you have to spend any time in hospital as the result of an accident which requires an overnight stay.
sigmar :: the land of sigmar
cecilia :: then tina darne, who was cecilia's daughter but only a year or two older than jarvis, persuaded jarvis's mother to let her move in and start a commune.
romeo :: what was your thought of friar lawrence couldn't get the letter to romeo?
pissing :: the worst hazard of standing in that crowd was someone pissing down the back of your leg.
series :: dick clement and ian la frenais have an impeccable track record in comedy from the likely lads to auf wiedersehen, pet , and channel 4's shameless nostalgia series tv heaven resurrected their 1973 sitcom thick as thieves last saturday.
records :: there are old records for every month except august and september, but the records since 1946 have been for april (one), may (one), june (two), october (four), november (13), and december (one).
apply :: in pigg , it was held that caldwell did apply to rape and this was confirmed in thomas and also in bashir , although with some modification.
limestone :: gastropods of this antiquity preserved in limestone can be difficult to clean.
child :: during a visit to california in 1938, the well-spoken english child actor was given the supporting role as a cockney lad in lord jeff .
state :: a fragment of time in the pure state
inherently :: carbonate minerals are also inherently unstable and liable to both obvious and subtle alteration during diagenesis.
multhrop :: i do not know why mr multhrop thinks this.
method :: the majority claimed that the best method for them was simply cutting down on fattening foods, and following healthy eating habits.
br :: a br spokeswoman said the fencing would be repaired as quickly as possible.
tenders :: on completion of the design, the accuracy of the forecast cost increases with receipt of tenders but there will still be significant inaccuracy reflecting the likelihood of unforseen events occurring, such as differing ground conditions and the introduction of variations.
norm :: all of the following awards have quality assurance arrangements or procedures which differ from the norm.
neiman :: until recently her job was there, too for three years she worked as a shop assistant in the hosiery department of the massive neiman marcus store but then the success of inner city allowed her to leave.
identified :: neurones in the myenteric plexus were not identified in the colon and were sparse and appeared degenerate in the appendix and ileum.
matt :: matt is not exactly the most spiritual and sophisticated fellow you've ever met.
weekend :: oh he might be away for thre , cos i know he had golf at the belfry this week, and then when he comes back he's being picked up by a car to take him to the belfry again, cos we're entertaining there for a weekend's golf.
blurted :: they'll think i blurted everything out.
exact :: the single model in the exact centre is hit at strength 5.
marketplace :: ui promises to work with all segments of the marketplace to move the technology forward quickly.
represented :: the l.t.a. were represented by barbara davis who had come along to supervise the rating of players to enable them to qualify to compete in the v.w. series tournaments during the summer.
industries :: modern light industries grew faster than the traditional heavy industry.
once :: once sample preparation has been completed the simplest analyses may be performed on the largest particles.
pros :: so i turned from what we pros call the back of the book to the front to see what else i could learn.
content :: its power to change content is minimal.
british :: it is not necessary here to weigh the relative merits of successive waves of public sentiment, and it is too early to guess the judgments of history, but differences between american and british obscenity law can be assessed on their technical merits, and the consequences are significant.
slight :: the only slight criticism i could have was that maybe we didn't finish as well as we should have, he said.
possibility :: it is a conclusion acknowledged as a more likely possibility, not embraced as a creed.
delighted :: wateraid is already supported by regional analyst staff and sheena said: if anyone in any other department in the council wants to contribute, i would be delighted to hear from them.
fetching :: and on the friday night we was fetching bottles and sticks and everything and we hid them ready.
lovely :: she gave me a little plaster ornament of andy pandy for my christmas present and i was not particularly amused, especially as i'd sewn her a special velvet alice band to tie back her lovely long hair.
eat :: you are, so the saying goes, what you eat.
nhs :: as we will see later, people aged 65 + are the main client of the nhs.
studies :: therefore, omt specimens may be suitable for future field studies of hiv vaccines in developing countries.
forcibly :: and i beheld that they called that beating the time and although it was beaten, most forcibly, the musicians were never together.
assistance :: 9.11 the council will provide reasonable assistance to an employee in relation to the submission of a claim to the criminal injuries compensation board.
england :: warwickshire's england allrounder dermot reeve missed the season's first month with a stress fracture of the pelvis.
palatine :: rather than attempt in a short book a history of artistic developments at rome from the early days on the palatine to the rise of the christian city, i have chosen to write about four important themes, which are briefly described in the introduction.
village :: he stays behind now with the old men, women and children while the rest of the village puts to sea for nine months.
suspended :: he has been suspended on full pay.
deposits :: the influence of such deposits on eurocurrency growth should perhaps not be over-stated.
ontological :: unlike the objectual interpretation, the substitutional interpretation of quantifiers is ontologically non-commital (unless terms are counted as ontological items).
took :: by the time the service was launched, there had been more than 11,000 enquiries from potential subscribers, a level of interest that took the backers completely by surprise.
ludicrous :: kim's ludicrous failure punctured his stature and he declined to be replaced by rhee.
divided :: sixty three divided by nine is six!
unsealed :: when buying cork tiles, check whether they are sealed or unsealed.
spell :: can you spell you can spell play cos we've done that can you spell ground?
document :: to see the document itself it will be necessary to resort to companies house or the company itself.
division :: paul was just as meticulous as donald, and insisted on covering every possible aspect of their business relationship, how much they would pay themselves, what the stock division would be, what would happen if they decided to split up.
saves :: it saves a lot of bother i can tell you.
thrashing :: the water is full of thrashing, quacking excitement.
added :: but seeing me a little disconcerted by his remark, he politely added, and with great propriety.
sterling :: table 6.9 sterling commercial paper the development of the market has not been as rapid or as extensive as in many other european countries.
45 :: she said that unemployment, mortgage problems and even families splitting up are the cause of an influx of more than 45 animals in the last eight weeks.
officials :: us officials say that gen noriega is no longer a threat.
shops :: it can happen during the growing period, during storage, on the farm, in the shops or in the home and is due to the presence of chlorophyll within the potato.
fig :: vertical cards arranged in drawers or trays (fig. 6.6).
lighten :: he steered the small boat through a jumble of miscellaneous craft, then, with what seemed to be a deliberate attempt to lighten the atmosphere, said, so go ahead and ask me.
wanted :: she had deliberately given him that impression simply because she hadn't wanted to look lonely and pathetic in his eyes.
longed :: the more he required her to talk about herself the more he longed for her to ask him about himself.
filled :: the servant placed a filled goblet on the table at t'zin's side.
fees :: fees are payable by cheque, postal order or through a land registry credit account.
7 :: both women, who live in the same fashionable apartment block on new york's upper east side, are now suing each other for nearly 7 million over the incident.
fifty :: fifty pounds again for it.
ticket :: parking ticket shock for alan
planned :: some of the shows we have planned include the impressionist in the city: late series paintings by pissarro in 1993, a contemporary japanese designs show in 1994 and a major late czanne paintings show in 1995.
bungalow :: you're talking about a house on plot one and a bungalow, or chalet bungalow on plot two ?
moral :: the papacy's moral powers enabled it to look for money throughout the western world.
mother :: it's only the shock, mother francis says.
nearly :: it was nearly two o'clock in the morning.
process :: whether this is a form of unfairness specific to the take-over process, however, or whether control changes merely highlight the more general vulnerability of employees within the corporate framework, is debatable.
tone :: tone of voice forty.
react :: there's only one way to react after something like this.
without :: who are the people without many friends?
destination :: the distracted car driver who arrives at her destination without mishap ipso facto saw where she was going.
roseo :: yeah we got in to er roseo and .
hon :: as my right hon. friend prepares himself for the important meeting with president yeltsin later this week in london, will he take the opportunity of seeing what can be done to deal with the massive threat which still exists from all the different independent russian states?
offered :: the rewards offered to those who took the cross were considerable.
monday :: dealings begin on monday.
wolf :: and she'd got five wolf whistles.
missed :: sorry you missed me, i was out of the office.
risk :: so, too, is the risk that an overcooked spinners' pitch may be ruled out of order and points deducted at umpires' question time.
period :: the 12 months prior to the august invasion had been a positive period for jordan.
strength :: she nodded, summoning strength.
readers :: of these 500, we'll pick out six readers to act as the stars of the project.
teacher :: this has resulted in the teacher placement organiser being able to influence both the day to day running and longer term decision making of partnership.
characterised :: opposition members will obviously be disappointed at the minister's reply which is characterised by his usual laid-back approach to the matter.
both :: and of course we'll have to go over all the old ground on timings and opportunities for both the trueman and meredith-lee deaths.
style :: lies sad hearts sung sentimental style why so much country
nonsense :: i shall explain that you've no time in your life for such nonsense.
disabilities :: this could be an indication of a continuing unwillingness to recognise how much further advanced are many eec and oecd centres in their education and training provision for people with disabilities.
landing :: ellie knew at once which door it must unlock, because the room at the end of the landing was the only room kept locked.
deepening :: the cold of the night was deepening and i was weaker than i'd been when i set out.
terry :: he'd have beat me up as well as terry if he could.
river :: you could build a boat from, stayed close to the river
book :: i mean to go to italy one day, as my brother has done, she told me, when i discovered her on a stone bench in the garden, reading a book.
izzie :: i must go and look after him, said izzie, disentangling her fingers from gabriel's.
randall :: the onslaught by johnson was notts' highest individual score in one-day cricket surpassing derek randall's unbeaten 149 in a natwest trophy tie against devon.
coach :: the group, britain's biggest coach operator, employs 1,000 people and carries 12m passengers a year.
ends :: there were no dead ends.
part :: it is here that a city and its people possessed a part of my spirit.
complaining :: so many exams and have more course work and now they're complaining about cos it's a hundred per cent course work in english, they're complaining about that and they want to make it and a maximum thirty per cent course work within two years, or something something really stupid like that!
nine :: so that black top that sweatshirt top that i'd got for lee, it was seventeen ninety nine, you got that for thirteen pounds, forty five erm thirty two pound off.
plaice :: lay the plaice on a board skinned side up and place a strip of salmon on top, patching with more salmon, if this becomes necessary.
seven :: oh, well i won't see 'em, i've got a seven o'clock start.
dream :: i mean, gary says you dream about marriage the same way you dream about someone coming down your throat; it's not something you're going to actually do, not these days, but that doesn't mean you don't dream about it.
escaped :: it was here that items of the emperor's clothing and the superb diamond necklace which had been given to him by the princess borghese his sister, pauline as well as the landau which had escaped the moscow disaster in 1813 (sic) were taken.
circular :: there was still an infinity of possible circular orbits so bohr summoned up planck to his aid to choose among them.
york :: the duchess of york this evening attended the opening performance by the spanish riding school of vienna at wembley arena.
pressure :: concessions gained during wartime followed a similarly piecemeal path to those granted after ncoap pressure during the 191419 period.
buttoned :: they are ideal worn with this season's long, buttoned skirts.
advised :: because of the way the pressure from creditors was building up, arthur andersen advised hook harris to go into an iva.
denied :: no, i wasn't! she denied.
doctors :: a further study was set up involving two canadian specialists and doctors from the centers for disease control in atlanta, georgia.
wallach :: as long-haired hap, one of a pair of beatnik lovers, wearing a polo-neck sweater and a raincoat, dustin's 45-second moment comes when he is seen breaking up with his girlfriend (mariclare costello) before she wanders off to be almost grabbed by the preying wallach.
yield :: the preponderance of boys at the foreclosure stage will yield the rigid, authoritarian attitudes often associated with scientists.
jameson :: yes jameson yes, yes
thinks :: everybody thinks of grandma with lavender.
laboratories :: the synthetic probe (t 2 ag 3 ) 4 was produced on an applied biosystem dna synthesizer and labeled at the 5' end with ( 32 p) atp by using t4 polynucleotide kinase under the conditions recommended by the enzyme supplier (bethesda research laboratories).
text :: the incorporation of hand written text placed on top of the photographs referenced women's un acknowledged areas of writing, diaries and letters.
loyal :: it is a happy custom of this house that, on this occasion, the leader of the opposition congratulates those hon. members who moved and seconded the loyal address.
while :: after a while i said, you'll have other sons.
firearms :: for years, since the trouble began in the north, all firearms, even the most ancient, were kept under lock.
tribunals :: if the litigant was not assisted at first instance, or before one of the appellate tribunals, a full application for a legal aid certificate must be made.
privatised :: he maintained there was only one way to resolve differences within the party leadership over labour's policy towards a privatised water industry: take water back without compensation.
nought :: but it might be nought.
dallas :: have you ever been approached to appear in dynasty or dallas ?
format :: in both cases, access to the data will be limited by the physical format of the printed work.
god :: my god, i hope you do!
revocations :: on the other hand, revocations of planning permission or interference with existing uses do rank for compensation, since they involve a taking away of a legal right.
am :: car boot sale, earl's orchard playing field, richmond, from 8am.
coming :: shrewsbury have got to make sure as much as possible when they do win the ball in the they don't just smash long balls up, because as l as soon as they do that and as long as they keep doing that, blackburn just pick up the ball again and keep coming at them, they've got to try like they did just a few minutes ago, try and play themselves out of defence with nice low passes.
stage :: postman pat's lifelike van, and jess the cat, all combine to bring to life on stage the world of greendale which children know so well from their television screens.
plan :: indonesia showed particular interest in the australian plan for an asia-pacific economic co-operation council (apec) see p. 37044.
cells :: on thawing, live cells rehydrate and return to their original shape; damaged ones fail to recover and die.
1988 :: in r b customs brokers co ltd v united dominions trust 1988 1 wlr 321, a car, bought on conditional sale, was delivered to the customer before the relevant documentation was completed.
teenagers :: our teenagers laughed at the suggestion that maybe dad could help.
1,300 :: could you live on 1,300 a year?
miracle :: the regime decided that the man who would lead the miracle was kurt tank, an aircraft designer who left germany after the war for a new life in south america.
fins :: they begin displaying to each other by holding their fins erect and tail slapping, going from side to side.
circumstances :: how valuable biographical information is to literary or art criticism is a question that will never receive a decisive answer; but a commonplace observation can be made, that circumstances alter cases.
procedure :: the procedure initially connects to lifespan.
flows :: zambia returned to the imf fold in early 1990 on the basis of an agreed economic restructuring programme and debt rescheduling, which has also released new aid flows.
dr :: francisco said, don't you like dr rafaelo?
wig :: it was a wig.
quietly :: it's okay, sweetheart, he said quietly.
ro :: lord ro lady 's just died and sold her place here.
fear :: so that is how virginia became friends with the witch of wardle wood and discovered for herself that the best way of dealing with fear is to face it with brave unselfishness and prove it to be false.
error :: even so, the error may have started with mary.
535537 :: that clergy and musicians ensure the continuing place of psalmody in anglican worship, whether it be sung or said (535537).
disagreements :: the trouble apparently followed disagreements over food distribution.
bosnia :: bombing could put un troops in bosnia at risk.
insurance :: in addition, any company intent on controlling expenditure should be examining how much it should be laying off risk in this way when, as drew hardie, divisional director of willis corroon in edinburgh, points out, insurance is a cost-plus product with a substantial proportion of premiums say, 30 per cent or 40 per cent used by insurers to meet their own overheads.
america :: their vote elvis single did big things in america, and they've subsequently signed a big-bucks us deal with epic.
lissom :: in general, there were enough satyrs at the party to equip a fair sized forest, most of them lissom young men in masks and clinging tights with goatskins belted across their chests.
initiative :: but an integrated set of policies of this nature is impossible in a period of political paralysis, because (a) nobody will take the initiative to devise it, and (b) nobody will take responsibility for implementing it.
roll :: no, not the whole roll.
queue :: we have to take our place in the queue along with everyone else.
zenith :: as he embarks upon what may well be his last test series as england captain, and his zenith surely reached, one wonders why, apart from various ghost-written autobiographies.
supplied :: the end of the cold war is neatly dealt with as instead of east vs west, it is side a supplied with nato armaments, and side b equipped with soviet hardware.
breeze :: but i can't do that, said breeze.
dad :: you asleep when dad come in?
pigs :: when pigs want other pigs to follow them, they hold their tails erect.
subsidies :: undoubtedly the major factors influencing the industry in norway were the generous subsidies and grants available.
anybody :: can we go through unless anybody else has anything to say?
holding :: the importance the duke attached to the holding of hougoumont is not sufficiently stressed.
thread :: first, they enable you to gather the knitting in, second, the ribber comb is held by the gathered thread row this row is eventually pulled through and doesn't form a permanent part of the welt. the second row to be knitting is, when the hem is finished, the first row of the welt.
describe :: do not describe this as a misspelling for the purpose of analysis.
implies :: if this is the case, it implies that some at least of the feedback systems maintaining human wellbeing may be in difficulties simply because they are being called upon to function near the limits of their capacity.
inspiring :: he has proved a durable fellow, though, inspiring 28 comic books to date and six animated features, the latest being asterix and the big fight.
border :: iraqi rejection of un border report
accepted :: he led her to it and was delighted to find that she accepted the lair at once.
sit :: it's significant that you sit here in this house, so comfortably, calling my father by his first name while i haven't seen him since i was eight.
courteously :: to pay benefit promptly accurately and courteously
gains :: it gains, it gains momentum.
museums :: in the usa the not-for-profit sectors dealing with heads of major museums, art galleries and universities are increasingly searched by headhunters and this may well be a sector in britain that uses search in the future, particularly if more of those organisations continue to receive increased levels of funding from the corporate sector, as would seem to be the case.
liked :: having always liked the idea of living in the country, geoff decided to go for a country-style kitchen.
ubiquitous :: gonorrhoea is an ubiquitous infection and is no respecter of social class or status.
piano :: i've got trippy on piano
details :: box office and details (0532-462453).
deutsch :: (the hulton-deutsch collection)
licensing :: as well as campaigning for the first of the two alternatives, and for balanced representation on the licensing body, the society will introduce the abortion amendment.
hesitated :: meg hesitated, then followed.
assumptions :: to an important degree our assumptions can even determine our relationships, just as our relationships may demonstrate our assumptions.
transmat :: has the transmat party arrived?
bucks :: five bloody bucks mine were!
corporation :: new broadcasting corporation journalists' union congress
everyone :: everyone was out, and she was impatient for them all to come in.
real :: the past, reflected sara, when the peacock silk curtains were newly hung in the chinese room, was probably more real to her than the present.
develop :: in 1911, following six months' military service with the danish infantry, rambush was invited to england by arthur h. lymn, who had formed a business in london to further develop and exploit commercially existing processes of gas production for industrial purposes.
drier :: the jungle cat, which weighs up to 20 lb (9 kg), preys largely on birds including pheasants and jungle fowl and lives in the drier and more open forest.
cara :: she had as good as thrown her interview opportunity of last night away cara would be livid!
mum :: mum had no idea that i joined in.
silently :: rose thought of the vacuous young man, and silently agreed.
cheaper :: in addition to better economy, diesel cars use cheaper fuel and are no less environmentally-friendly than petrol-engined models fitted with catalytic converters.
equilibrium :: in the absence of an income tax (a tax on wages), the labour market will be in equilibrium at point e.
84,100 :: ec expenditure was projected to rise from ecu 66,800 million in 1992 to ecu 84,100 million in 1997 (at 1992 prices).
damn :: i think it's a damn good deal.
hearty :: full of confidence, pliny tried to calm down the overwrought pomponianus, and to demonstrate his own unconcern, went off to freshen up in the local baths, and subsequently sat down to eat a hearty meal.
clearly :: clearly, some clients will need community nurse visits at home.
list :: you can cross me off your list, she said.
4s :: hoverspeed's two super 4s can carry 70 per cent more payload (passengers and cars) than the unstretched sr.n4s, but cost only 15 per cent more to run.
uppermost :: uppermost in the priorities of his concentration are the voices coming through the headset he is wearing.
wh :: wh what about the sec second world war?
lowered :: in britain their sights were lowered.
size :: although this has been argued over for fifty years, the size of this ancient catastrophe now seems incontrovertible.
around :: had been a, a mark going around that, right and that's what
unit :: in either case you will need to gear the unit up to fight.
target :: the pack will target four main aims of citizenship education, including law and the rights and duties of citizens.
genera :: we have found that within those families, the genera that eat fruit have larger brains in proportion to their body size than those that eat leaves.
ana :: maggie asked ana, but the girl slid her arm into maggie's and shook her head.
dramatic :: hammond wilde and the chairman had agreed that pairings would be more dramatic than the three-balls now customary in major competitions.
publishers :: have your publishers given you an advance?
resources :: the school is a totally independent building with three floors containing sixteen classrooms, resources room, video room and bar.
charles :: prince charles slipped out of victoria harbour on the royal yacht britannia yesterday, watched only by office workers eating fast food lunches in the sunshine of queen's pier.
needs :: at the moment we haven't got an england side to fit his needs.
forbes :: forbes has stirred up a hornet's nest.
conjunction :: this may have been used in conjunction with a net, or on its own from an open boat.
regarded :: other airlines regarded as potential launch customers for the new plane are united airlines, american airlines and japan airlines.
nina :: looking up at nina, anne saw a dead face.
shaken :: one of the local masons had an uncle who was a gardener; he had given him, he said, an account of the building of the heated wall, and the uncle had shaken his head and muttered something about new-fangled foreign nonsense, but had since evinced the liveliest curiosity about every stage of the building.
15 :: yes: deduct 15 points
outwardly :: i did so, outwardly.
thus :: the ability of modern technology to cope with the problem of soil erosion is summarised thus: growing populations may in part have destroyed more land than they improved, but it makes little sense to project past trends into the future, since we know more and more about methods of land preservation and are able by means of modern methods, to reclaim much land, which our ancestors have made sterile.
setup :: double click on the windows setup icon, pop down options and select setup applications.
runner :: from the gun he ran straight for his favourite place the front and stayed there until sprinting away from burundi runner, charles nkazamyampi, in a time of 1:47:29.
meal :: i think we've decided we, we will, we will go to the cinema and probably see j f k, er and just have a snack in er, and go save the meal up and have er, that later in the month.
thoroughly :: the other says you should wash or hose off mud and then dry the area as thoroughly as possible.
activity :: as women take greater advantage of educational and occupational opportunities so sex differences in the level of criminal activity may diminish.
ordinary :: because they have been treated more as adults here, the contrast between this and ordinary school makes it sometimes difficult for them to return and adapt to being treated as children again, so it is obviously preferable for them to continue on at the unit.
phil :: so is phil talking it through?
lad :: i was a slip of a lad when the war started, he lamented.
worked :: they worked well together.
worksheet :: worksheet of barbies bikes
eglr :: these restrictions originate in the doctrine of non-derogation from grant, and such restrictions will apply equally to land acquired by the landlord after the date of the lease (johnston sons ltd v holland 1988 1 eglr 264).
fool :: he's a fool, mrs redmond said.
representative :: representative of catholic headteachers
rebel :: despite mahdi's calls for unity and negotiation, his appointment as president was reported to have been rejected by other rebel groups, notably the snm, as well as by factions within the usc.
lenin :: what is so remarkable is that, given the force of the currents in which the bolsheviks were swimming, lenin retained such an obstinate consistency in resisting them.
channel :: scottish imports are set to flood the league after a massive summer clear-out across the north channel.
news :: thought we'd like news of her which does not come from the school.
egypt :: in egypt, where everything depended on the nile, the coronation of a new pharaoh was often postponed until a new beginning in the cycle of nature provided a propitious starting-point for his reign.
times :: (a century earlier, one unfortunate individual had been imprisoned twelve times in a year one month at a time under the local act.)
divine :: that the naf that the natural and the divine are linked.
supplies :: the director of the feed the children appeal which sent truck loads of relief supplies into war-torn former yugoslavia has expressed his thanks to wedgwood employees.
interviews :: you simply get taken along by the system, people crowding around you, the press anxious for interviews.
voter :: with some very large incomes in the extended tail of the distribution and many small increases in the meaty body of the distribution, the median voter's income is less than that of the mean voter (see fig. 91).
university :: here again, there must be a fair number of university people that are involved in one way and another?
draw :: we went to romania and made the mistake of playing for a draw and lost to a late goal, he said.
effects :: the ground-effects revolution, pioneered by chapman with the lotus 78 and 79 designs, produced its own family of flops.
gon :: what, what are they gonna do?
togs :: he'll want togs for football or cricket.
darlington :: mr carter, 21, of darlington, has passed out of the school of recruit training at raf swinderby near lincoln as best recruit of his intake.
vargas :: vargas would use the spanish diplomatic bag from london.
unhappy :: if there had been no people around her, tess would not have made herself so unhappy.
1202 :: accordingly when bishop mauger attempted to visit them in 1202, both parties, bishop and monks, believing in the rightness of their positions, appealed to the pope, and the abbey also appealed to the archbishop of canterbury for tuition, or protection of this appeal, while matters were pending.
steamers :: not our our owns but erm other people and they could see them the next day when the steamers went to the north isles for the er the cockerels or the hens sitting on the top of them.
moments :: in a few moments you should see a summary screen showing details of your machine.
pleading :: by the end of the day harriet was not surprised when the girl went to bed early, pleading a headache which her mother did not think was entirely due to gin and tonic at ten thirty in the morning.
frog :: i've got a frog in my throat.
equity :: its return on equity is running at 20%.
okay :: good, okay, yeah, great.
gravely :: your wicked, reckless, untrustworthy count, he agreed, gravely.
aged :: for those aged 65 (or due to reach 65 before 5 april 1993) to 74:
francisco :: well do i remember walking up and down the hilly streets of san francisco, and also attending a performance of the san francisco symphony orchestra, with that debonair veteran frenchman pierre montreux conducting.
silas :: silas's emotional affairs are not your problem, so why are you allowing them to snake about in your mind?
silk :: he did not wait for the servants to open the doors, but just pushed through into the entrance hall, and then into the great ballroom where a score of painters and upholsterers were finishing a long night's work during which they had transformed the ballroom into a silk-hung fantasy.
scene :: just the big scene to do.
provides :: to repeat, that subsection provides:
convey :: what image did hitler convey?
roundness :: recognition of detrital grain morphology (form, sphericity, roundness and, in some cases, surface textures) in thin section is only possible where grain surfaces have not been modified during diagenesis.
cows :: does he think she will spend the rest of her life milking his cows and goats?
near :: there's one near shoreham.
bar :: everything we do forwards in glenelg we can do backwards, said the woman behind the bar.
besides :: and besides, she told herself as she hurried back to the van, it was kinder to do it impersonally.
low :: we've dropped out of a lot of product lines, like simple caps and closures for low value household products and flexible packaging for commodity business.
pepsi :: 66 pepsi and shirlie
metres :: french and british construction workers on may 22 linked the northbound rail tunnel of the channel tunnel, 50 metres under the seabed; the smaller service tunnel had been linked in december 1990, and the southbound rail tunnel was due to be linked on june 24, with the tunnel as a whole due to be completed by june 1993.
tell :: no, don't tell me!
illusion :: because they, too, have a special relationship with a child's mother with its own areas of physical and emotional exclusivity children have to give up the illusion that they own their mother, and so they must learn to share.
bannister :: bannister votes for high life
received :: those who had received poor service, he said, could consider their right of action and if necessary start proceedings in the small claims court.
pubic :: she did, however, bleach her pubic hair and delighted in wearing no underwear.
democratic :: the basic law identifies constitutionality with substantive democratic legitimacy.
high :: the court-room, high, with ceiling timbers like branches in a forest.
principal :: but the principal called the police.
93 :: orbitel to launch products at cebit 93
train :: the special train of kyle!
r. :: attorney-general's reference nos. 22 and 23 of 1991 (r. v. jacques and jacques): lord lane c.j., kennedy and jowitt jj.
medical :: rachel, it appears the new medical officer has arrived to look over the place.
english :: the genealogy of these developments is significant for understanding recent movements within english studies.
blankets :: on to the taut canvas base she dumped sheets, two red blankets.
plug :: what do we plug that with?
tip :: that you tip back on your chair like that?
worried :: perhaps, thought robert, she was worried about him.
analogue :: in this way the trickstick combines the proportional control of the analogue joystick with the fast direct digital control of a switch-based unit.
20 :: 1.15.1 the date falling 20 working days after the certificate date and
winning :: last season, leeds received 100,000 from sponsors barclays for winning the first division.
husky :: her voice was husky.
heat :: gives off quite a lot of heat.
mercy :: isn't mercy newbegin awful?
particularly :: most recent and most welcome is the availability of many boots, particularly fabric models, in both men's and women's fittings.
actually :: no one any longer seriously believes that marie and eleanor actually did preside over such tribunals.
experiencing :: all students involved in this year's programme of transnational exchanges will be taking the experiencing europe module.
business :: worldwide premiums fell, mainly due to the slowdown in the property market, as much of the division's business is mortgage-related.
disappointment :: success and disappointment
christmas :: probably the biggest advertising campaigns are those leading up to christmas.
reservoir :: the ring main will cut electricity bills by 5 million a year and reduce reservoir capacity requirements by a quarter.
managed :: we even managed to get the disks out of the country, via the british embassy in baghdad.
landlords :: did she fault the landlords or tenants for shoddiness and dirt?
college :: you can find a college there.
lp :: copper blue (lp) creation 1992
mallia :: modern excavations are revealing that mallia was a substantial city, extending all the way to the shore (figure 24).
members :: likewise, co-ops decide who their own members can be.
anger :: she considered, the confusion and anger slowly clearing from her head.
film :: however an audience of learners is not the same as the audience of native speakers for whom the film was made and the experience of some teachers has been disappointing.
entertainment :: entertainment had become the growth area for the legal profession during the 1970s, as more and more lawyers sought to capitalise on the growing awareness of pop groups about the inequities of the world they inhabited.
schemes :: he'd got a lot of schemes in hand, but none of them had come to anything.
9 :: 9 the escaped prisoner
november :: sunday 7th november
committee :: is the sub-committee then going to meet before council.
try :: he was pleased with the wig: he had bought it in a shop that sold paraphernalia for the macumba rites, so he had been able to try it on.
maude :: labour unseated eight other ministers, mr michael fallon (education) in darlington, mrs lynda chalker (overseas aid) in wallasey, mr colin moynihan (energy) in lewisham east, mr christopher chope (roads) in southampton itchen, mr david trippier (environment) in rossendale and darwen, mr francis maude (treasury) in warwickshire north, mr john maples (treasury) in lewisham west, and mr nicholas bennett (welsh office) in pembroke.
allow :: but he came the next day, unexpectedly as always, arriving just before the dressing-bell, which meant that dinner had to be put back an hour to allow the cook to raise the meal minnie had ordered onto a higher plane suitable for the master of the house.
boost :: the advent of the nhs training authority in 1985 gave a great boost to management development nationally.
individuals :: he told me that he knew both individuals er that lawrence er was an escaped prisoner.
rusty :: some rusty kniues, some staues in fire warmd.
immigrants :: in 1965, there were about 206,000 immigrants to the united kingdom, of whom 78,000 (38%) were from the new commonwealth.
trust :: these cases are ones involving insolvency, that is total net indebtedness; in them we have seen that either the trust was invalid because the testator's estate was insolvent, or the trust was valid in spite of the fact that the trustee was insolvent.
biorhythms :: the areas of astrology and biorhythms are of interest to people from across the world.
tied :: the heroine was tied up by gangsters, and left completely helpless.
indicated :: writing in diver magazine, bsac's incidents adviser, chris allen, warns: the statistics show that too many divers are still diving deeper than indicated by their abilities, ignoring commonsense recommendations or simply failing to plan their dives properly.
1993 :: pesticides news, september 1993
listen :: but then they suddenly listen to what you say and they think, well that's funny, i was thinking about that when i was saying my prayers the other day.
herr :: there was a muffled reply of ja, mein herr .
several :: murray stayed with his family for several weeks in germiston when she trained in the united states last year and her fiancee, tom mooney, returned the compliment when strang was in scotland last summer.
babies :: there'll be no more babies.
chartered :: he is a chartered engineer and a member of metallurgists.
mam :: then er this er my mam saw her limping one day, she said what's the matter?
hostage :: november: approval of un resolution 678 authorizing use of force see p. 37870; bush's offer of talks; abortive arab peace initiative; further hostage releases; military build-up; impact of sanctions in iraq see p. 37871.
release :: writing a press release
sentence :: consider the following sentence:
solved :: the lord's labour problem was solved, in theory, for ever.
scared :: scared the landlord, too.
portal :: the portal areas (fig 1) and surviving parenchyma (fig 2) were heavily infiltrated by lymphocytes, plasma cells, and eosinophils.
runaway :: with this statement, roebuck was answering a question about his defence and, in particular, an unforgettable head-on tackle he effected when the all black's runaway rhino, no.8 wayne shelford, was huffing, puffing and snorting for the tryline when north harbour played new south wales just under 12 months ago.
option :: you have tried to use a package which was not reserved as a product package using option 1.1.1 create package/product.
aviv :: after hearing several witnesses, including aviv and the observer's reporter john merritt, who had interviewed him in november 1989, magistrate judge ross found that aviv had divulged at least part of his report to merritt and had thereby waived work-product protection.
nisse :: by jason nisse, financial reporter
fergie :: does it mean andrew is seriously planning a reconciliation with fergie?
remained :: as a result the mechanisms by which new teaching practices were disseminated during this period remained problematic.
online :: aa was set up as a monthly hardcopy abstracts journal in 1954 and an online database was introduced in 1986 containing material from 1980 to date, giving easy access to abstracts spanning the discipline of analytical chemistry.
tarnishing :: unfortunately, however, it is money and commercialisation, not standards of play, that are tarnishing the image of major sports.
swathe :: the creature grows at an alarming rate, then escapes and cuts a swathe of destruction as it moves through the southern italian countryside.
asleep :: i shall be asleep in two minutes!
mid-19th :: this is of particular significance in understanding how, as a plantation system, the industry developed from its beginnings in the coffee era of the mid-19th century and how, today, the industry faces a number of crucial choices as to its future survival as a nationalised undertaking.
diverted :: ring fencing needs to be enshrined in the legislation to prevent the funds from being diverted by regional health authorities or the government.
remind :: d'you know who you remind me of?
1970 :: the capm (sharpe, 1970), splits the total risk from owning an asset into two components: systematic (or market) risk and unsystematic (or non-market) risk.
angry :: you were angry.
pigsty :: what matters it if the place is a pigsty?
savagely :: more than i did, emmie said savagely.
imogen :: her editor is imogen taylor, and her agent caradoc king at a p watt.
groups :: however in the early 1960's there emerged from britain probably the most influential of all fashion and philosophical trendsetting rock groups the beatles.
corpse :: and the corpse?
hat :: he continued to carry the hat rather than wear it.
street :: just then the bizzies came and all the sirens started going in the street.
glazed :: part glazed door, stairs rising to
shocking :: he let out a deep, hungry growl as she bucked and gasped from the shocking sensation, her eyes like a frightened doe's.
acton :: one of richard baxter's wealthy neighbours complained to the king about the large numbers of people who came to the meetings held in his home in acton.
province :: a major operation was launched by government forces on april 9-10 against guerrilla targets near the village of dymakkya in the province of hakkari.
review :: exhibitions will be staged by the royal horticultural society, the edinburgh and kew royal botanic gardens, the orchid review, and glasgow itself.
pete :: i'll ask him if he knows whether pete's coming.
uniform :: somewhat overwhelmed eva straightened her uniform and moved forward.
sediment :: it is surprising that the laminations were preserved at all: conventional models suggest that bioturbation caused by the benthic sediment community will disrupt such laminations unless there is insufficient oxygen in the water to support the biological activity.
need :: being in a team means that you need:
gracious :: the gracious speech also refers to policies designed to reduce inflation further.
wombats :: it doesn't matter if these two people here, these two appointments are a bunch of wombats or they hate you, or you just, it doesn't matter.
l6 :: family relationships were also felt to suffer, with l6 carers specifically mentioning the friction and tension caused by their caring role.
19651968 :: from 19651968, he was an assistant priest at holy trinity, brook green.
obey :: you'll obey my every order.
errors :: d = defensive errors
heraldry :: the building contains the national records of scotland and the court of the lyon king of arms, the only surviving court of heraldry.
involved :: these photographs will then be used to carry out the studies involved in the research;
truisms :: johnson hammers his victim into the ground, summarising the argument of the poem in a series of trite truisms, and then adding:
dispute :: dispute over dam
faces :: uk faces fourth consecutive year of drought
creating :: the ccg philosophy of creating precise packages in line with client needs, reinforced by our demonstrable quality policy and offshore track record, has been instrumental in our winning this highly coveted contract.
shadshit :: shadshit's voice suddenly rose to rehearsal pitch and he walked out of the toilet and into the dressing room.
wages :: i always see him riding about up the steven there he's always up there i know when i used to work for it was always steve who used to be riding to this farm, riding to that farm, checking on this, checking on that and taking the wages round that sort of thing.
staying :: staying on for a while
agricultural :: secondly, it appeared from pigs marketing board v. redmond (case 8378) 1978 e.c.r. 2347 that where the aim in question was the attainment of the objectives of the common agricultural policy, the agricultural objectives of the e.e.c. treaty took precedence over the other provisions.
bleeding :: look! he showed his arm bleeding from a knife wound.
woman :: we were separated at the time the woman in the photographs is phoebe.
ambition :: i regard myself as sceptical about the ambition of various commission officials to move towards a more federal state and to subsume britain's independence.
looking :: 8 copy the following into your book and fill in the blanks by looking for a pattern along each line.
enclose :: please enclose s.a.e. with your order.
contemplate :: vi knew it too, for how she could prevent it she was too shaken, at the moment, even to contemplate.
level :: it was the rock-bottom level of her own self-respect which troubled her.
charge :: don't give way, whispers the voice of temptation, you're in charge in here.
drawing :: sculpture, photography, architecture, drawing, printmaking and design; lectures, workshops and performances.
whom :: daddy's just as bad spends half his life visiting patients, most of whom were never able to pay their bills.
kingmaker :: kingmaker, who recently charted with their armchair anarchist single, are giving away a free one-sided seven-inch flexi-disc to everyone who attends their armchair anarchist tour.
miles :: ec commitments kept john major's mr europe hundreds of miles away when 26-year-old julian asked sweetheart anna to marry him.
patient :: answer any questions the patient may have.
retired :: now we've got sir frederick erm i can't see the sir frederick lawton retired senior judge on the phone.
1733 :: from 1717 dale was also curate of chorlton chapel (10 a year) and of birch chapel (3 10 0d); in 1723 he added the chapelry of denton (20); and in 1733 he became curate of st. mary's church in stockport (40 a year).
wriggle :: there was a dark look in his eyes as he continued to look down at her, but as she proceeded to wriggle away from him he made no move to stop her.
reply :: before george could reply, his father approached.
commitment :: as it was the american commitment to europe had its limitations.
themselves :: at one level, the answer to this last question is yes: words themselves are not copyright.
figures :: official figures are hard to credit as families fail to claim benefit.
academic :: it was all academic to him now.
1989 :: america's deficit is forecast to rise to 139 billion in 1989 and to a record 157 billion in 1990, while japan's and west germany's surpluses widen.
exclude :: daly himself mentions coral islands which have been elevated and others which have subsided, for his theory does not exclude local subsidence.
slow :: it's more just to slow the thing up, when it does slide it's kind of like oh! and you kinda dig in your knees and everything and it's a bit of a moment.
dollar :: what does the dollar g three mean?
drop :: drop myself in the
systems :: the systems integration company was formed by merging about 40 small independent firms, based in about 50 different locations round the uk.
word :: in some cases this may even mean not using a page makeup package at all but rather a high-powered word processor like lotus manuscript, word or wordperfect 5.0.
baying :: several hundred coolies were surging round the building baying for the blood of the overseers inside.
sanitary :: he claims the lake, which holds good pike, perch, trout and char, smells of sewage in warm weather and its shores are strewn with condoms and sanitary towels.
cave :: inside the cave and disappeared.
indeed :: much more data are collected than it is possible to publish, and access to this additional information is just not possible indeed its existence may not be known or recorded, with the result that future researchers and revisers have to go through the whole data collection procedure again each time.
doo :: you know that do do do doo do do doo do do doo doo doo do do .
strasbourg :: bonn officials last night played down the extent of the last-minute rethink of their tactics at strasbourg and one said that it had all been a silly misunderstanding.
drive :: they had to take up sports, and drive aimlessly around.
coffee :: through two open doors he still felt in touch as he made more coffee.
city :: yes, the city.
reasons :: bad as were the irregularities of the freeholders' elections, the irregularities in the burghs were, if anything, worse, one of the reasons being that while the county representative needed only one election meeting to be appointed, the burgh representative had to be successful in two elections before he could get to westminster.
firm :: he made no attempt to disguise it and sold the car to a firm of car dealers.
evening :: another evening with wood was not to be contemplated.
flow :: in vivo brdurd labelling is suitable both for histochemical and multiparameter flow cytometric analysis.
awful :: it is awful, just awful.
stapleton :: my name is stapleton.
element :: this is an important element in what lewin calls life space, within which there may be locomotion towards a situation which satisfies a need.
lines :: platelet activating factor is synthetised by numerous human cell types, including neutrophils, minocytes, macrophages, platelets, eosiniophils, vascular endothelial cells, and several cancer cell lines.
nodded :: the empress nodded once and became suddenly brisk.
jerked :: the scream of jets jerked her back to the real world.
blush :: oh to learn to lie without the inevitable accompaniment of the blush.
farmers :: its director, david briar has seen how the farmers have made a new beginning.
watch :: what will you have to watch?
raised :: a long time later he raised his head and said huskily, are you sure?
postponement :: the postponement of his much touted hospital expansion plan had been the last straw.
expertise :: it took the expertise of the royal physician, sir george baker, to prove that but then he was a devonian.
si :: where a matter or action is pending in the court the district judge may order that a party may inspect and make a copy of any document referred to on the land register (s 112(3) of the land registration act (as amended) and r 8 of the land registration (open register) rules 1990 (si no 13625 of 1990)).
picked :: that was picked out of er the whole.
give :: if we took the labour way, it would be fairer, and i can quickly give some reasons.
oldham :: oldham boss joe royle said: scoring goals has not normally been a problem for us but it is at the moment.
s :: s n a p
ryedale :: the ryedale festival 1992
peculiar :: right mm yes yes yes it was peculiar wasn't it?
required :: as full a picture as possible of the family and the child is required before therapeutic hypotheses can be made.
revisions :: the new proposals for managing chronic disease and preventing coronary heart disease in the general practitioner's contract's revisions of health promotion payments will also require recording, aggregation, and communication of morbidity data.
gut :: natural gut is made from the intestines of cows and sheep.
christian :: this internecine strife within the christian community was a sad diversion of effort at a time when faith was rapidly decaying.
tends :: yes, it does, although it tends to be the opposite way round.
drugs :: he had admitted suspecting that money he helped black to launder at banks was the proceeds of drugs trafficking.
scored :: and rather surprisingly, bearing in mind what happens in the endsleigh first division, that there it is goals scored that dis differentiates between teams, in this league it will be goal difference that will determine the final positions, followed then by the highest number of goals and then by the highest number of goals scored away from home.
tubulovillous :: twelve colonic adenoma biopsy specimens were examined, of which six were tubular adenomas, three were villous adenomas, and three were tubulovillous adenomas.
force :: in reprisal the armstrongs set off in force and burned netherby in cumberland.
jerry :: jerry lee rolls into britain
depth :: this gave greater depth to most of the patterns, but often made the dancers appear earthbound.
continuing :: to ensure continuing employment with the council for existing permanent staff affected by the restructuring, as far as possible at chesser house;
interests :: for instance, british and soviet interests might collide in europe and parts of asia.
ju :: you ju well
claire :: claire's clearly a champion for fwwg
thoughtfully :: lily looked at him thoughtfully.
theory :: community development theory and practice offer special challenges to all health workers but also a new way to go about doing health-related work with people.
forms :: statistics forms will be sent out with these notices.
conflict :: it therefore takes the edge off the objection and creates a climate of agreement rather than conflict.
library :: whether or not the present library symbol and logo campaigns achieve the same success and identity, is rather early to say, but if the choice of symbol is a good and appealing one then it could bring the public library to wide attention on a host of everyday products, street-signs etc.
waiting :: police are now waiting to interview the 25 year old man who was driving the stolen car.
neck :: you know the pendant she always wears round her neck, shaped like a heart?
brain :: quiz king tim brownsett came top of the boffs once again when he scooped the brain of north staffordshire title for the second time.
getting :: but your ego's getting massaged and i can take that.
differences :: whatever the national differences, there has been a shared complaint among employees over the past 20 years, a reaction against over-structuring, overcontrolling and over-integrating work in organizations.
paul :: her death will be an impossible burden on paul.
mishap :: the return to the centre was completed without mishap, and very little sleep was had from then on.
father :: so much so that even her father would have had difficulty telling her from the real thing.
organization :: uruguayan police on may 15 arrested 30 presumed militants of the basque separatist organization euzkadi ta askatasuna (eta) in the capital, montevideo.
brief :: erm peter wants to tighten up on on on the business of erm carrying holidays over and i think he's right, actually, erm and he also is using this opportunity to try to et us to plan our holidays as a group so that we're not all off at the same time, or if it's appropriate we should all be off a the same time then we're off at the same time, but it's erm common sense should prevail one way or another, but it would be a good idea if you could let me have erm a brief indication of any major times you plan to be away.
slugs :: its eyes looked like coiled slugs.
write :: battles are won primarily in the hearts of men, monty was to write of alamein twenty-five years on.
selectors :: the gunners' services were regularly sought by the england selectors, and between april 1933 and november 1948 the england side for full internationals always included at least one arsenal man.
throughout :: this in turn will affect interest rates generally throughout the economy.
constructed :: and better constructed, too.
israel :: israel, in a position of comparative strength, remained unwilling to make any substantial concessions since it was under no costly duress to do so.
moving :: it's moving more sort of down.
successful :: mr gordon appears to have been remarkably successful in keeping out the looters.
balinese :: balinese life fits itself around the demands of tourism.
surprise :: she looked at him in mild surprise.
chair :: then you stop for a drink, strap her in the chair some other way, tilt it to a new angle and start all over again.
brings :: as a recent immigrant to scotland, i am well aware of the great benefits that living here brings.
normally :: normally he had already gone out to the horses but now she had to face him and she was feeling quite unsure of herself.
person :: she regards these sessions away from the routine work as some of the most interesting aspects of the job and does not think that the mundane elements of a house officer's post could be dumped on another person without some such perks to relieve the boredom.
t :: if you want to be more upfront about your concerns, try one of our new t-shirts.
un :: foreign casualties included six portuguese, a filipino, a bulgarian and two un peace-keepers.
ilp :: although the socialist ilp played a leading role in agitations against the arms ring, exposure of the close links between naval officers, admiralty bureaucrats and their private industrial suppliers did not necessarily lead pacifists to draw socialist conclusions.
amazed :: we were amazed.
bookbinder :: all that i can say is that the actions of councillor bookbinder are so incredible as to defy belief.
tenants :: he said his party would abolish mortgage interest relief and replace it with housing cost relief so that tenants as well as house owners could benefit.
laid :: almost without conscious thought he laid both hands upon it, raised it, and opened it.
subtle :: however, subtle signals, known as cheap talk are now recognised.
tabitha :: i don't have to answer that, thought tabitha.
propaganda :: in 1932 nizan proclaimed that all literature was propaganda.
aiken :: john aiken, who wrote in 1797, was also a doctor and he described apprentices brought in batches from distant workhouses to toil in injurious air by day and night.
lawyers :: but as the arguments drew to a close, you could see justice white who at 75 is a stern rock of a man, with a detailed knowledge of cases that has terrorised hundreds of lawyers start to relax.
meaning :: a nature spirit who often appears as a wild boar or a old crone (cailleach bheur, meaning old woman).
own :: legato doesn't have its own ini file, but a lot of applications do have their own, so i've created one in c: windows (the usual place) so that we can enjoy deleting it.
fancy :: you fancy a paddle?
whoa :: you all the time whoa whoa hold me
aiming :: dec is aiming to be one of the top pc companies in the world.
shame :: shame david .
presence :: in the 1984 survey by the royal botanic garden, edinburgh, both record the presence of both poor fen and rich fen in south uist and lewis.
united :: within the peasantry a sizeable body of commercial farmers undoubtedly developed they were of substantial significance in russia by the 1880s but class differentiation was inhibited by various factors racialism in the united states, the persistence of the organised village community in russia and as often as not the fully commercialised and capitalist rural sectors were outside traders or money-lenders (commercial firms and banks).
navy :: a committee of scientists, commissioned by the oceanic society, has chastised the navy for its weak scholarship.
stamps :: national insurance stamps.
south :: adult life was spent in south africa, and erm i found a couple of years ago two books written by a remarkable while english-speaking south african called donald woods, who was a newspaper editor, who befriended and then championed a remarkable young black south african called steve beeko, who was killed in police detention.
benignly :: bad relations with others smiled benignly back at them.
meteorites :: the continental ice sheet that lies three kilometres thick at dome c in east antarctica (figure 3) creeps slowly coastward in all directions, carrying meteorites that have fallen on its vast, 13-million-square-kilometre surface and been frozen-in for thousands, or possibly millions, of years.
tomorrow :: and he says well, i can wait till tomorrow, better than going back and coming again.
pours :: in some of the series it is compressed by the top margin of the frame but pours out of the bottom in great rivers of paint.
headmaster :: he used to go to school erm mr, i think that was the headmaster same sort of name.
dentist :: she had learned little from her study of the dentist's magazines.
evelyn :: i need a job, said evelyn.
walls :: the way now worked left across the slabby walls, moving round into the subtle, hidden corners, heading into the sun.
injured :: injured wayne fairclough was left for dead by his friends after an horrific van smash.
further :: further conversations with black pupils revealed a general belief that the school's organization was against them because of its attitude towards their colour.
hello :: hello sir william?
speaking :: and i suppose broadly speaking there are two kinds.
jim :: go on, jim!
considered :: in general, two or three house hunting visits are allowed by most firms and around three to six days are usually considered to be adequate time to find housing.
feminists :: the organisation she represents, feminists against eugenics, considers the drug dangerous, experimental and misogynistic.
somerville :: she was approached by an illustrious american institution, and when that negotiation (handled by stephen somerville) had to be abandoned because of the death of the donor she decided to offer the picture for sale at christie's in 1989.
ashes :: but what of england's leadership, batting and prospects for the ashes series this summer?
stairs :: he was running down the stairs.
judy :: most people never get beyond the living room, judy apologized.
56 :: of all the accidents reported, 68% involved patients between the ages of 56 and 86 years.
dejene :: other principal ministers: alemu alegbe (deputy prime minister); wole chekol (deputy prime minister in charge of economic affairs); ashagre yigletu (deputy prime minister in charge of social affairs); tesfaye dinka (foreign affairs); col. tesfaye wolde selassie (internal affairs); tekola dejene (finance).
snapped :: the leg snapped down.
record :: because i like to keep a little record myself.
brusque :: she didn't mean to sound brusque.
degree :: the ufc made up to 1m available under an initiative to encourage greater flexibility in teaching and learning and the university was awarded 100,000 to enhance the evening degree programme.
fierce :: when they got it to the surface, they had seen a writhing mass of jelly, from which two fierce eyes had peered at them.
succeed :: i don't know any more than other people what is likely to succeed.
statements :: we now turn to statements on the curriculum that came out of the debate.
flavia :: flavia said, then you will have to go.
scale :: then we broke it down into smaller components to set us scale it down.
discharges :: it could also be because there was also a noticeable increase in the incidence of liver cirrhosis discharges during this period and the most liver cirrhosis cases are also caused by alcohol abuse in finland.
damage :: you poor thing! exclaimed deborah, and put her arm about the lamb's body to keep it still and protect it from further damage.
ease :: farming communities, such as are found in central wales, benefitted a great deal from the advent of the railway: it meant cheaper raw materials, but at the same time the value of farm produce increased due to the railways' ease of access to the more affluent urban markets.
originally :: in the eastern and central provinces, revision mapping which had originally concentrated on the proterozoic metamorphic rocks of the 'mozambique belt' has now been extended to include mount kenya, africa's second highest mountain.
plant :: plant ecology developed not as a study of the factors affecting the lives and deaths of individual plants and their parts but as a study of the distribution of vegetation types and of particular species.
wondering :: i w i was just wondering if you wanted to write them a letter first
boat :: get us away from here, he said sharply, and the other man guided the smaller boat away, allowing it to pick up speed.
microeconomics :: take the rationality assumptions of microeconomics or of morgenthau's realism, for instance.
26 :: talabani, in ankara on oct. 26-28 for talks with demirel and with european and united states representatives protested that both operations had been against civilian areas.
jess :: she looked at her sister who seemed as mystified as jess.
slaughter :: only occasionally did she encounter fugitives from the slaughter who had wisely dodged into such hidey holes.
truth :: make me feel my age, tell you the truth!
fifteen :: five hundred you can have it for fifteen hundred
statement :: rostov wondered if he could have phrased the statement differently.
multiple :: we regret that we are unable to answer multiple queries that do not comply with these instructions.
ravishing :: this contains his complete les biches (not just the familiar suite) with the philharmonia orchestra and ambrosian singers, the suite franise, sinfonietta and the scandalously neglected suite from les animaux modles , a ravishing piece.
reversed :: the nagorny karabakh supreme soviet presidium on july 1 reversed its decision not to be represented at the rome negotiations see p. 38975.
rubbish :: ooh it's a load of rubbish isn't it?
mac :: the plot of home alone 2 is the plot of home alone 1, with bungling burglars harry and marv joe pesci and daniel stern wandering the streets of the big apple planning a toy store robbery on christmas eve when they just happen to run across wee mac, who proceeds to foil their plans again.
wish :: what do you wish to experience in life?
portfolio :: panic assumed the defence portfolio and gave minister without portfolio ljubisa rakic responsibility for co-ordinating the government's international activities.
mondano :: the other half can most conveniently be received in lire (cash please) by william fosdyke, an englishman who has long made his home in mondano and who has certain bills to discharge in relation to the property.
incompetent :: the journal showed up the regime in the most clumsy, incompetent, and oppressive light.
wooden :: damian opened the bedroom door, and as she stumbled in he flicked on the light and the fan began to whir softly above her head as she stood in the centre of the room, the vast white double bed behind her, the wooden floor warm beneath her feet.
1986 :: capital investment accounted for two-thirds of gnp growth between late 1986 and early 1991.
income :: an efficient port transport system is vital to britain's economy as trade accounts for nearly 60% of national income and over 90% of all imports and exports pass through the nations ports.
colleges :: a compact is an agreement among employers, education authorities, schools, colleges, young people and their parents.
mulliners :: mulliners bar restaurant
catholic :: as part of the same appeal, pope john paul ii and the catholic bishops' conferences of europe call on every catholic church in europe to set aside new year's day as a special day of prayer for peace in europe, and in particular in the balkans.
yachts :: it was well into the charter business's low season, so the vast majority of cutwater's yachts had either gone north for the summer or were sitting on jackstands out of the water.
ready :: are you ready?
information :: second, examining the stock and gathering information on the pattern of use so that this can be used later at the ordering stage.
depends :: the amount of this reduction depends on your income.
joke :: you're right, i shouldn't joke about it.
andrews :: and swindon back in action tomorrow against bottom of the table birmingham at st. andrews.
site :: it was charles who, by barring cumberland's way forward, really dictated the site, a stretch of open moorland about 500 feet 150 m above sea level, between the moray firth and the river nairn, five miles 8 km east of inverness, known to the scots as drummossie moor.
ornaments :: light fires and wash ornaments, she answered.
smiles :: he brought it out with sugarlump smiles.
dorian :: if you flatten the 3rd and the 7th degrees of d major, you have d dorian.
type :: you can either type your data into this form which is what i did in this instance or you can import data from an excel or lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet or from a delimited ascii file.
ping :: mach was unhappy with what was happening in the ping tiao.
leads :: this leads to a concentration on politically symbolic items.
nicol :: they will want to be playing in the world cup yet i've seen steve nicol decide he doesn't want to play for scotland anymore.
mechanical :: it was mechanical.
odious :: well, comparisons were odious.
lodgers :: yet already, with benjamin the silversmith, we have noticed a change: he moved around london as often as he did not because life was proving difficult where he was, but because customers or lodgers might be more easily found just round the everlasting corner.
250 :: police are investigating a fire which killed 250 pigs at scotland's largest pig farm.
petroleum :: 37426 was recently overhauled in glasgow eastfield and has been with petroleum and regional railways.
rolls :: if you have a model which will perform round loops and axial rolls then it is quite capable of performing several loops or rolls consecutively.
japan :: japan wished to eliminate the vestiges of korean autonomy and to establish japanese military control in the interests of extending the security of japan herself.
sometimes :: but because she's back here, she still sometimes does it, and in fact they do do it for her.
pupils :: it is not supposed, however, that such ideas would inevitably bring understanding to all those pupils who currently lack it; there is always a potential for confusing concepts whatever situations are devised to clarify them.
son :: adam stopped to consider what he would have done in the same circumstances, and decided to read on to discover if father and son would have taken the same course.
demos :: i've been on some of their demos.
understand :: they see us and shout something we can't quite understand.
currently :: the majority, however, favoured retention of former presidential candidate antoine waechter's autonomist (neither left nor right) line which precluded any electoral manoeuvres which might imply an acceptance of the electoral system currently in force or, indeed, a political preference.
727 :: this aircraft was the first boeing 727 to carry fare-paying passengers on a commercial flight, that being a schedule from san francisco to salt lake city and denver, colorado.
1979 :: there have been generative systems designed to achieve high degrees of robustness (e.g. the frump system (dejong, 1979)).
value :: something value, yes.
conversion :: the conversion of route 30 saw the end of the southmet tramway system.
blakey :: mrs blakey replaced the receiver.
graduating :: patrick, who read greats at oxford, felt it was time the mould was broken, but says he was astonished when, after graduating, he came equal first in the foreign office exam.
sees :: when he goes inside, he sees the local grocer with a rather oily expression on his face bustling up to offer him one shiny little book containing a liturgy which neither of them understands, and one shabby little book containing corrupt texts of a number of religious lyrics, mostly bad, and in very small print.
hotel :: hotel prinsen (ah3)
evidence :: 8.5.2 the evidence
porcelain :: the collection of the archologisches landesmuseum currently consists of exhibits from the stone age to pieces from the ludwigsburg porcelain factory.
twelfth :: and which one's a twelfth.
'cos :: this is why i don't think it sensible to have a separate procedure for it, 'cos it's so simple.
neighbours :: thus a gold or purple-leaved shrub is best used not as an alternative to green foliage, but as a specimen highlight whose beauty depends on the contrast with its green neighbours.
vegetable :: in the vegetable garden, both sweetcorn and outdoor tomatoes were an amazing success in many parts of the country last year due to the hot summer.
eight :: four of the stoke newington eight john barker, james greenfield, anna mendelson and hilary creek were convicted and given ten-year jail sentences.
libraries :: they are the armed forces libraries.
defence :: ideal for home defence, i have no doubt.
principles :: there is nothing in these principles to prevent the lease from creating obligations in respect of any period before the execution of the lease.
35 :: it covers the core subjects of reading, maths and science at five age-group levels: 35, 46, 57, 68 and 7 upwards.
clay :: eventually, having decided that calling out the cave rescue for a simple case of overeating wouldn't look good in the newspapers, i recovered and got to the lane by clay pits plantation that leads to victoria cave.
perverts :: she thinks we're perverts, condemned by the church, men who've allowed their normal natures to be twisted by depraved men.
brown :: no, i think it's a brown one according to mary it looked brown it brown one not so bad, i mean if it was erm if it was a grey one would of been a sewer rat!
killed :: but in the end it killed her.
belts :: and what about seat belts?
correct :: you are correct.
bag :: why isn't there somebody there to bag them for me and create a service?
jesus :: when that failed, he set about misleading man's understanding of jesus.
model :: the model is most sensitive to the lateral extent of the dyke and to its upper surface.
december :: the ceremony took place in the works canteen during december as an important and established event in the annual calendar of the company.
girls :: i am called hope, said the larger of the two girls, tossing back her hair.
abortive :: now was the moment for haig to abandon his abortive offensive.
10 :: the results showed that, for a train crossing time of 10 seconds, the mean delay to road vehicles was 0. 14 second (70 seconds between vehicles), 0.23 second (35 seconds between vehicles) and 1.8 seconds (10 seconds between vehicles) with the maximum queue length over a 24-hour period being 2, 2 and 8 vehicles respectively.
become :: a number of large firms, however, have become enthusiastic about re-engineering after trying, and failing, to automate small parts of their existing business.
eric :: we can't afford to have all the scientific journals in our library that we had 10 or even five years ago, says sir eric.
patriotic :: the creation of baden-powell's boy scouts is invariably remembered in heroic terms, as a celebration of patriotic spirit and fresh-air fun.
minutes :: we were finished about five minutes before
lose :: do men lose as well as gain from dominant discourses of gender?
extensive :: medical insurance agency, an insurance service for doctors and dentists founded in 1907, is offering an extensive health insurance plan, available to all, called clinicare.
thereby :: the government borrows foreign currency, thereby directly financing government imports.
everything :: everything depended on a group of people, loyal to him in harsh places.
disappointing :: after this bitch, several more imports were made, but, apparently, were quite disappointing.
refreshments :: refreshments on most trains.
expansion :: south east asia has been an area of the most dramatic expansion of exports of primary products from the mid-nineteenth century: export expansion was the region's principal response to western penetration.
true :: too true, i said.
hour :: it was just like the m8 at rush hour, with water instead of tar macadam.
implication :: the implication must be that a lot of bids are being planned but never see the light of day.
auctions :: the company are currently arranging the 1993 programme of talks, charity auctions and valuation days, and would be delighted to accommodate any parish who would like to make use of their talents.
backlot :: korda's extravagance things to come (1936) filmed on the backlot at denham
ignoring :: a new survey shows just how many parents are still ignoring the very real dangers of sunburn.
vermicelli :: stir in the vermicelli, breaking it up with your hands.
tail :: plumage of drakes predominantly black, of ducks mainly brown; tail short, pointed.
locomotive :: the history and method of brewing is shown, and exhibits include a model brewery and the bass company's own steam locomotive.
bina :: bina, i want to tell you something.
material :: this included: the relationship of the material selected to the libraries' objectives; guidance on levels of provision in different sizes of library; criteria for selection; definition of community groups to be served; policy on censorship; comments on various types of material e.g. paperbacks, audiovisual materials; donations policy; relationships with the book trade; statements of responsibility for selection; demographic information about the area.
five :: she last spoke to the priest five months before the birth and has since lost her teaching job.
inaccuracies :: research on communication in work situations has shown that the following factors may result in inaccuracies:
contaminated :: microbiologists are bending the new techniques of genetic engineering to the task of training microorganisms to degrade these chemicals in contaminated soil and water.
complaint :: she had finished; he could have no complaint now.
academics :: thus the production of original approaches to, or interpretations of, the major texts had become the focus for almost all writing by english academics.
implementation :: the methods used in statistics depend on many branches of mathematics and their implementation requires extensive use of computers but the subject has its own logical concepts and theory.
memorial :: it would be an honour to have a memorial on the site.
amberstone :: in ipswich, the amberstone bookshop was having a better time of it after a steady year, supported by some strong local titles.
etc :: lgc is looking at its existing services such as analysis of food, of food packaging, asbestos etc , and seeking ways of developing and promoting these services in wider markets.
behave :: we can predict statistically how the atoms and photons will behave, but we cannot predict accurately for each one of them and, afterwards, we cannot tell how each of them has behaved unless we look.
brilliance :: it seemed a long way, though, from the summer perfume of myrtle and orange-blossom, the brilliance of white fluted marble, the wreathing steam, the orderly practices of the sugar-yards, the worksongs of the scything and the vintage, the glory of the sun setting, of the sun rising out of the sea.
funny :: he was a funny one, going off like that, laura.
schedule :: schedule the most important, difficult, contentious items first to catch people when they are fresh
storm :: storm as a bishop uses the f word
brought :: the reality of this ignorance was brought home to me one lunchtime when a fellow patient, learning of my condition, asked with a look of horror whether i thought he had cancer.
arazi :: cauthen was very obviously impressed and excited by this first outing in arazi's three-year-old campaign.
whistled :: i whistled softly.
residence :: a primary reason for this may be the differences in average educational status, which tends to be lower among rural people, though it has been shown that rural residence (from birth) can influence child mortality levels over and beyond the effect caused by differences between the two areas in educational standards.
tasted :: tried and tasted
against :: i'm saying that there was no real evidence against that as a possibility.
included :: other guests probably included stowey friends such as john and anna cruikshank.
sections :: the unit has three sections each led by an education officer.
fears :: all his original fears returned.
coffin :: on a seat beneath general wolfe's statue, which looks down on the river and is still scarred by the bombs of a war later than the one in which he died, coffin rested for a while.
barbarous :: however, this was not without some opposition: in 1139 a council presided over by pope innocent ii banned the crossbow as a barbarous weapon unfit for christian use, a decision confirmed by innocent iii.
veil :: it was the veil.
swede :: starting from the 10th, the swede only once moved over par.
trunks :: sharpe went slowly, threading the horse between the ancient trunks and past fallen, moss-covered logs.
register :: the migration component has to be based on estimates gauged from a variety of sources like the electoral register, the nhs central register, the international passenger survey, and the migration patterns revealed by the last census.
economic :: this project investigates the possibilities for economic development which were open to this group.
stationery :: anxiety may be lessened by information about such things as a mobile shop where stationery and newspapers can be bought; ward arrangements for collection and delivery of mail; for making and receiving telephone calls, and for visiting.
substances :: in principle, the techniques were now established by which other antibacterial substances could be nailed down.
awards :: vote in the daily mirror british video awards for a chance in our 40,000 prize line-up.
laughing :: i know harry, too, said isambard, laughing.
steering :: we also do a bit of assembly work small engines and steering assemblies, i'm trying to build it up but basically we're a general engineering firm, supplying components to the motor industry mostly.
spelling :: but not only is there considerable divergence between different texts, there is also normally great variability (particularly in spelling and inflexional forms) within the texts.
ambulance :: why famous names queue up to be ambulance cases
prince :: i saw the cave in the welsh hillside, and the girl my mother, whose name was niniane, and the young prince my father, lying together.
consultative :: the colonial form of government can perhaps be described as a ruling bureaucracy in the sense of government by appointed officials only slightly modified by the gradual emergence of consultative, advisory and legislative councils.
monmouth :: he had a good head for numbers, and recited it all the way down st martin's lane and into monmouth street; then he went in a shop for a coffee and wrote it down on one of the paper napkins.
paths :: but the program really comes into its own with complicated drawings involving hundreds of paths and objects.
flesh :: the fish head needs your flesh around its bone
pistol :: a curious pistol to make an end
present :: the present ruling group have introduced some nice facilities.
feed :: potatoes and turnips and just all that yeah, just a big royal feed.
ideas :: these ideas were occupying the other half of my brain.
ordered :: halt! a voice ordered.
stepped :: the horizontal rock strata create a vast, stepped geology exhibit.
misusers :: but a few may become heavy and frequent solvent misusers.
biology :: medical research council reproductive biology unit
intrinsic :: instead: solidarity, charity, unity; intrinsic and constitutional bonds with the primacy; overcoming of gallicanism, nationalism (cf. local episcopal conferences) and fears of papal aggression; obedience derived from within; authority without jealousy or exclusiveness ( non rapinam arbitratus est he did not think it plunder, (phil. 2.6).
fivers :: what i want you to tell me more than anything else is who gave you the bundle of fivers.
dirty :: actors are dirty, wicked people!
nation :: she recalled a promise made by mr major when he became prime minister: that he would work for a nation at ease with itself.
norwich :: i believe we've seen the end of norwich.
greater :: mercury thus contains a much greater abundance of denser materials, the strong implication being that it is rich in metallic iron.
settle :: he has a strong responsibility not to be content with the status quo, but to exert himself to try to find an answer, community to community, to settle the dispute.
m :: and when the deal is completed it will send souness's spending on players in seven years as a manager through the 30m mark to an incredible 31.5m.
29th :: in particular, the new moon present in your own birth sign on the 29th will trigger off a new period of some really quite remarkable and reassuring developments in your very personal life.
paid :: essentially you have a lot of people who are very highly paid.
employed :: this is not unusual where a method such as jumping from a building has been employed.
short :: don't worry if you fall a bit short of the target, even the best bowlers find this a challenge!!
judgment :: in his lengthy judgment, mr justice simon brown also acknowledged the enormous controversy over the scheme.
abeyance :: cousteau's normal cheerfulness was in marked abeyance.
identity :: what characterizes the kingdom of god, he claims, is the notion of participation, while nirva is best depicted by the notion of identity.
marriages :: both have made a success of their lives, both are very affectionate and both have children and happy marriages.
informative :: it might seem obvious that, if one is studying word-meanings, one ought to find native speakers' intuitions concerning the meanings of words the most informative.
popsy :: get your shoes on popsy!
kids :: the story focusses on mario and pedro, two kids who are having a tough time scraping together enough money to live on.
co :: compliance with x/open co's xa transaction processing architecture is also promised for next year.
buy :: so i thought i'd buy you
usually :: in the past, such building work has not always been completely destructive, but modern techniques of construction usually require deep foundations, totally destroying any underlying sites.
figure :: he said she would be given a substantial four-figure sum in compensation.
cruel :: a cruel predatory face.
hepatitis :: we feel that the occurence of acute hepatitis with the intravenous preparation does not necessarily preclude the subsequent use of the oral preparation in these patients.
relevant :: ft actuaries index relevant industry category from above index.
148 :: issue no. 148
loudly :: if i speak loudly does it flash even more?
twelve :: that's, that's, that's nasty, cos that's got sort of fractions within fractions, and they'd say, twelve point five per cent?
educational :: the department has close links with the europa institute, the centre of african studies, the unit for the study of government in scotland, the centre for educational sociology, and the centre for criminology and the social and philosophical study of law.
clients :: gda's business counsellors were in great demand during the year, with over 28,000 hours of business counselling given to clients.
services :: congress, we need good quality public services.
count :: even in battle the count carries a hawk upon his arm.
leadership :: mat coward reveals his deputy leadership platform
popular :: he's very popular and he hasn't been to york before.
historian :: at the same time, the historian is liable to think in terms of england as a nation, and of english society as essentially one.
third :: it was the third raid the gang had made after hearing miss castle kept thousands in cash at her home in trinity road, ware, hertfordshire.
whereby :: one of the pleasures of travelling by rail is the availability of a national timetable whereby one can plan one's journey with reasonable certainty.
grumpy :: grumpy, sneeze, grumpy
dark :: the skin of his face was weathered to an even, ruddy tan, not dark.
clothing :: all had several days' growth of beard and were dressed in a motley collection of civilian clothing.
colchester :: since ddi, the number of calls at colchester general's switchboard has fallen on average to 3,000.
interlocking :: we can identify a number of interlocking and mutually reinforcing reasons why the situation prevails.
grapes :: cherries, strawberries, grapes the bloody lot, seedless grapes, grapefruit
colonel :: she was its colonel-in-chief.
euro :: even if they all go in bed and breakfast and take them two kids to euro disney.
crazy :: this looks crazy right?
sitting :: two frenchman were sitting, drinking coffee.
operator :: in some the telegraph operator was given an elevated office in the tower.
and've :: th'can read and've seen so many places and folk.
randomness :: it was this element of chance, or randomness, that so disturbed einstein.
gillingham :: goodbye, mrs gillingham.
advisory :: young people's advisory and counselling services
subside :: the fuss will subside and the bandwagon will grind to a halt, but the practice will remain.
drum :: the drum-beat of the day.
chance :: i know exactly what is going to happen and there's no chance anything will happen to make her worse than now.
drain :: to be on the safe side i spent two hours in the drain, shivering for most of the second hour.
frontier :: it acts as a service agency for christians working with youth, and is concerned to provide opportunities for education, and training, for consultation and referral, and to make known or available information, research and resources for frontier work.
seeing :: i don't get along well with some secretaries, because they are used to taking orders from men and seeing men in my position.
false :: even as she uttered the words, she realised how false they were.
communications :: details from sira communications, chislehurst, kent.
diversity :: cultural diversity is a central feature of modern british society.
practise :: a couple more to show you then you can practise these when you have a bit more practice time so we can get you out to lunch on time.
jane :: jane francis/buckinghamshire cpre
cheer :: there's a quasi-religious, gospel feel about it all as grown women clap and cheer.
rugby :: flying wingers rugby union:
china :: that's right for three weeks and erm then i wasn't impressed by it, i was much more interested in china.
fellow :: a communication is protected if it is made to further a common interest a circular published to shareholders in a company, or to fellow members of a trade union, or an inter-office memorandum.
jakarta :: significant progress at jakarta meeting
evaluate :: it may take up to eight weeks to evaluate your program, so please be patient.
ireland :: there was a riot against suspected jacobites in london in early august 1690, at the time of the jacobite insurrection in ireland, and the prospect of a french-backed invasion across the channel in may 1692 led to talk of a further rising by londoners against those suspected of disaffection.
pretty :: you're too pretty.
larger :: larger interpersonal systems, the small group, or family with their interconnections;
mondays :: royal rotary mouse 2nd and 4th mondays, venue queen victoria pub.
task :: it's the task that's important, then the tool
ings :: originally the ings behind the village was the natural flood basin of the river.
supported :: this explanation of sleep loss effects in terms of lowered arousal is further supported by studies on selective attention.
recommend :: the algebraic approach to programming language semantics has several features to recommend it.
pan :: the vhpb aims to develop pan-european guidelines suitable for use in other areas of lower endemicity such as australia which will help reduce these two problems.
prolific :: (b) united kingdom delegated legislation in terms of quantity, the most prolific source of legislation in the united kingdom today is not enactment by parliament.
mountpelier :: parsons just disappeared, not long after the fire at mountpelier lodge.
tab :: setting a new tab stop clears all the default tab stops to its left.
transfer :: december 14th is the date of the transfer of power in french rugby.
canada :: on show at canada house
chased :: there have been many wild geese chased, that is not how we like to go on.
ta :: fo underneath the you've gotta clo crawl underneath the cupboard.
strange :: the strange thing is that these bites are not difficult to hit once you have detected them.
alone :: the obstacles to this were largely financial: it was said to be beyond the means of the wwf, let alone the government of india.
raged :: she also raged.
profitability :: profitability then rose until 1969.
fooling :: you see, a cradle is not like anything else there is no fooling with it.
residents :: this makes them very unpleasant to use and some residents will prefer not to.
176 :: as normanton (1980, p. 176) states:
links :: those at the top level had di tella's confidence through a relationship of kinship or friendship and links between middle and upper management levels were based on personal relationships.
unripe :: juice of the oceans, tart as unripe fruit,
weapons :: the treaty also permitted declared site inspections (i.e. of sites where treaty-limited weapons were declared to be held), and some challenge inspections, especially in the first 120 days, although inspections would continue after that period.
presidential :: murder of presidential candidate
sounds :: he's still the most unlikely man in pop, and as for that vocoder of a voice, it still sounds like it's coming from the very bowels of the planet.
zip :: trembling, i leaned over and slowly pulled the zip down until it reached the small of her back.
campaigning :: research shows that a high profile group which is seen to be effective in its campaigning at both national and local levels, draws people to itself.
gentleman :: i remind the hon. gentleman that when i launched the valleys initiative i challenged the labour party to choose it as a subject for the select committee on welsh affairs.
wondered :: after a few days, nine or ten, i wondered if it would aid things to pay a visit to scotland, but i hadn't the purpose for it, let alone the money.
11-year :: the couple, who had an 11-year-old daughter and seven-year-old son, were separated.
additional :: in the earlier book he had proposed an additional reversion to classical principles: that the focus of attention be switched back from the criminal to the crime.
bpf :: bpf business study
condemned :: both sides denied any strain in relations, condemned us policy in the middle east and signed an agreement for further soviet aid to syria.
complexing :: reconstitution of in vitro transcription activity by deletion mutants of rap74 clearly indicated that both n-terminal residues 73205 and c-terminal residues 356517 are essential for full activity, the former interacting with rap30, thus complexing with rna polymerase ii.
neighbour :: east anglia area have likewise recognised the distress caused by neighbour disputes.
sorts :: he's been in custody for two or three, three days, thirty six hours or something like that already, and not been able to see his family, and er got into all sorts of mess because of that madam.
kiss :: as kiss followed riotous kiss, his fingertips trailed along the smooth column of her throat and down to the silky fabric of her dress.
election :: inconclusive general election
integration :: however, the analytic therapist is pleased by this sign of increasing integration and hopeful that sex will come back to life as the couple move through the depression and the marriage improves.
worthy :: a teacher who regards his work in this way, who sees his task as being not merely an overseer of academic progress but a mature adult who watches over and helps a child to find personal identity in an ever more complex and fast moving world may deservedly claim to be considered doing work worthy of professional status.
wireless :: the german bombardment of hartlepool and scarborough in december 1914 was expected because of wireless intercepts.
load :: and which of those will load your
eye :: the fellow's good eye gleamed.
scottish :: scottish school merchiston castle reached the semi-finals.
doctrines :: for in fact political theories, doctrines or ideologies, and political action are inextricably bound up with each other.
lords :: how many peers form a quorum in the house of lords?
deliberate :: the final complexities and confusions of the hollow men are deliberate.
adverse :: he added: there are a lot of kids living under adverse conditions and the first thing that goes is their confidence.
treated :: last summer i really lived it up because i treated myself to some peaches.
malvern :: above late afternoon worcester beacon, malvern, pastel.
sensitive :: sensitive, intelligent, perceptive jenny, who listened to rachel night after night as she cried and talked of bringing peace, and said, you must save yourself, rachel.
pun :: sa , and i'd say yeah but that's not a pun that's only a pun if you if you write down this is smashing said erm the robber or the smash and grab, in other words the window fell in, that kind of thing, you know.
per :: less than five per cent gave ten cubes, which is a possible interpretation of the diagram.
unlawful :: sue the commissioner for unlawful arrest or something like that.
gold :: the decision stipulated that gold traders must adhere to the state-set gold price, and deposit their earnings in the state bank.
bureaucracy :: it still thinks that by interfering and pouring on more layers of bureaucracy and government it will achieve something that has eluded it for so long and will continue to elude it if it takes that path.
scrap :: yeah, a scrap.
maxim :: when george had rung off, maxim reached for the first british corps telephone directory which sat just beside the phone.
heyy :: heyy he complained, wounded.
cantana :: ooh aah cantana that's the chant that rings around football grounds at the moment in honour of course of the french striker eric cantona
dominant :: a dominant circle is inserted, tangent to the three arcs of the circular triangle.
publicity :: is this a publicity nightmare or perk of budding stardom?
gilts :: the gilt only scheme, which was advocated by workers in the united states, consists essentially of using only gilts for breeding.
brazil :: the two men had got into an argument after brazil said he was going to start dealing in drugs from his home on the thistlebrook caravan park in abbey wood, south london.
o'clock :: at 4 o'clock i posed in a flower-decked kiosk wearing amy's brand-new marks and spencer's floral cotton and an awful lot of elizabeth arden's flawless finish.
murmured :: beside him, melody murmured in sleepy complaint.
hopes :: the scheme will be officially launched to the public in several weeks time when br hopes to present its blueprint for action.
proof :: yes, true enough, cash was coming through in other ways now, they'd proof of that.
fight :: ambulance union leaders fight to stifle escalation.
consent :: notice to any partner who habitually acts in the partnership business of any matter relating to the partnership affairs operates as notice to the firm, except in the case of a fraud on the firm committed by or with the consent of that partner.
aethelwealh :: the author of the life of wilfrid , who represents wilfrid as persuading the king and queen to accept the word of god and as preaching to a people who had never before heard the gospel, undoubtedly exaggerates the paganism of the southern saxons, for bede reveals from non-wilfridian sources, first, that aethelwealh had married a christian princess and had been baptized himself and, second, that a number of ealdormen and thegns had likewise received baptism, with the priests, eappa, padda, burghelm and aeddi ministering to the common people either at the time of aethelwealh's conversion or subsequently ( he iv, 13).
settings :: the machine takes 12 place settings and costs 857.75
cdu :: this is well illustrated in the above-mentioned award of an excess seat to the cdu in 1987.
loved :: because i felt that john would be relying on the people he loved not to forget him, i kept it.
enduring :: perhaps a more decisive test would be to examine the composition of england's first enduring scientific institution, the royal society, founded shortly after the restoration of the monarchy in 1660.
contemporaries :: by fifty a married man or woman was as likely as not to have suffered widowhood, and would have already lost half his or her contemporaries: in contrast to a mere twentieth today.
component :: the antidote to these ills was thought to lie in the institution of a core or common component in the curriculum of all pupils.
spilsby :: dr spilsby said as how you're to rest, and rest you will.
reasonably :: sales will be recognised when title passes or a separately identifiable phase of a contract or development has been completed and its overall profitability can be reasonably foreseen.
lunch :: when you had lunch, how was she?
shattered :: then henry saw something else, a wavering light that wobbled and dipped behind one of the shattered windows.
sex :: which sex pistol would you like to have been?
rings :: we could replace the rings, but it's just not the same.
reach :: he withdrew the glasses again from my reach.
bp :: bp axes jobs as slump worsens
switched :: dick had switched the engine on.
motorail :: motorail is a quick and painless way to get to the south of france.
theme :: this theme is developed further in chapter 8.
firmly :: firmly, like a good catholic,
idea :: i still had no idea what i was going to do.
obstructive :: jacobs placed the three remaining delegates, from canada, australia and india, in the category of being obstructive.
massive :: parsons had said that among the causes was the fact that the massive influx into the cities following the mid-seventies oil-boom had created a rootless, unhappy proletariat.
hence :: hence we are suggesting that l for 1986 relative to 1976 might equal
appropriate :: there has also been a degree of confidence among eurobond firms that regulations will not be altered without good reason and appropriate consultation.
swiftly :: his gestures are slow but follow one another swiftly.
farmhouse :: the ley eventually reverted to the garnstone estate and has long been a farmhouse, which it remains to this day.
insists :: particularly if that is as important as just about every politician insists it is.
roughly :: look, child, he said roughly.
economies :: the operation and development of the equity derivatives market is no longer split between two exchanges, and unit operating costs may be further reduced, as enhanced economies of scope come into play.
switch :: she was hurt, though not surprised, by his ability to switch off as soon as she wanted to talk.
ago :: they were planning carees vicki harper has survived the loss of her only children 22 months ago, by writing a book of her experience, which she hopes will help others.
pick :: the three big dobermans lay up, licking their wounds and nuzzling their flanks with their teeth to pick out small pellets embedded there.
aim :: as stressed before, the potential of the land is of prime importance; if the aim is to farm successfully, all else must take second place.
mansfield :: mansfield on market
types :: i was concerned about the new age movement in the non-christian world with its supposedly nice and healthy image largely due to the harmless and effective use of aromatherapy and similar types of treatment.
star :: bill wyman's framus star bass is another example of a poor relation whose profile rocketed alongside the fame of its player.
law :: where appropriate, other areas of law are discussed such as the law of tort and consumer protection law.
flame :: there's still some more flame.
attractive :: the less attractive males, however, do not just sit on the sidelines.
transactions :: yet, however disembodied, these are still transactions involving foreign capital.
frightened :: she was frightened.
dolan :: by liz dolan
passes :: normally a minimum of five gce passes at o level or five gcse passes at grade c or above.
member :: the quaich is presented to the most outstanding member of no more than two year's membership.
supreme :: a recent finding in the new south wales supreme court has given a fillip to accountancy practices across australia.
concede :: some form of local autonomy, some abandonment of the old commercial system might have weakened the revolt; the most ferdinand would concede (and that as a short-lived experiment) was the appointment of creoles within the old administration.
happy :: make her happy.
slightly :: the aim of everyone, irrespective of weight, should be to modify their eating very slightly to maximize health benefits.
cover :: to make up life cover, yes.
writing :: we shall see that in writing this letter anselm was concerned to safeguard the privileges of canterbury against the claims of legatine authority; but he was also inspired by a traditional respect for royal authority, and the common-sense view that in fact nothing could be accomplished without help from the king and his officials.
riots :: the same thing had happened during the riots against the strand bawdy houses in 1749.
doors :: there have been so many thefts from venetian churches over recent years (see p.16) that, without custodians, the college of priests will be forced to recommend keeping most venetian church doors closed.
sniffed :: he sniffed the air.
caterpillars :: caterpillars have eyes on the sides of their body but they can only tell dark from light.
hole :: i am not precise on depth because there is no great temptation to hang over the hole and peer down.
common :: headaches are common, too, as are cold hands and feet.
revenge :: no one could blame them if all they felt was rage and all they wanted was revenge.
courses :: andrew buccleuth certainly had his fair share of brokers and analysts doing exactly that, but he had a more relaxed view of the duties of a salesman and especially of one who enabled him to win substantial bets on the golf courses of southern england.
interrupt :: i wouldn't want to interrupt.
freeze :: but before the invention of freeze-frames no one ever noticed.
cat :: obviously he does not deny the cat's whining and agitated leaping in the presence of the ball, nor does he refuse its possession of sensory data , but these will not show what the cat believes; namely, what categories of things it recognises.
private :: salary increases in the accountancy profession were on average two per cent in the private sector last year, the lowest in 25 years.
coal :: british coal pension fund.
phyla :: phyla can be divided into orders, orders into families, families into genera, which in turn are sub-divided into species.
released :: all the tension and nervousness and anger was released in one swift exit from the man who had dominated, despised and ridiculed her ever since they had first met.
cocaine :: police blame the cocaine cartels. -ap.
reconciliation :: a financial services organisation with 280 branches in the uk required the following money transmission services: collection of cheques, collection and supply of cash, direct debiting through bacs, and accurate and speedy account reconciliation.
london :: for the next ten years i lived in london.
infinite :: o book, infinite sweetness!
league :: anne had to admit that she had never called the league a tiger, toothless or otherwise, and had known nothing of it until recently.
residential :: our belief is that if there is any change it is likely to be a change requiring a certain proportion of the grant to be spent in the domiciliary day care area rather than the residential area to enforce this wish of developing those sort of services.
dialled :: why not come out arid say it in this day and age, she muttered to herself as she dialled the number.
restructuring :: this research aims to investigate the factors that underlie the current restructuring of that sector.
absent :: no. of days absent include only working days)
wine :: the food, the wine, flora's langoustes, the jokes, mabs and tashie singing, felix's gramophone, freddy and ian dancing, the moonrise, and finally the rockets and catherine wheels.
upstairs :: generally, it will be best to run it up the corner of the kitchen which coincides with the corner of a room upstairs.
foods :: with cereal-based foods, fibre value depends to a large degree on how much has been stripped away in the milling and refining processes.
sauce :: spoon the sauce over the aubergines and bake for 40 minutes until browned on top.
schwerin :: next day, in schwerin, after drenching rain, he listened to a band, german soldiers ignoring him, and restocked with apples, standing on the cycle's crossbar to reach them.
rises :: in an unusual departure, the rises will not begin to take effect until next year, but petrol and cigarette prices are to go up immediately.
gorgeous :: oh it's gorgeous innit?
farouche :: how farouche you are.
forgotten :: but richard had not forgotten and seventeen years later he wanted it remembered however lightheartedly that he had conquered there, too.
sophisticated :: sophisticated surveillance techniques were used to control crowds at the 1968 chicago democratic convention (see chapter 2).
115 :: rock band 115
jumps :: this a times course of jumps in a ring and you have to go as fast as you can.
fbi :: and the fbi said it had participated only to help fingerprint the victims; yet there is an fbi report on the incident with over 200 pages blacked out for national security reasons.
aye :: aye, i need it, aye.
unsettle :: yes, but one doesn't want to unsettle the other cats, and faustina herself might become upset.
believers :: i preached on sunday morning to a church crammed with christian believers.
expressed :: as far as the involvement of one of his tutors is concerned, this is purely surmise on his part, and was always expressed as such.
strips :: susan saw escher mazes and mbius strips.
promoter :: if the agent cuts this type of deal tightly enough, the promoter is forced to think twice about spending money.
justice :: but it is no substitute for social justice.
calling :: we can never re-create australia but if the french were calling the side the lions it would have been an appropriate thank-you to the players.
whaddon :: firstly, that as chairman of athletico whaddon i will never devote less than 36 per cent of my time to the club and, secondly, there are, this season, substantial discounts to any supporter spending over 20 at my superette.
station :: a look at the may told me why we were just a few miles away from hinkley point nuclear power station.
factor :: the us sample scores lowest for clarity of problem understanding and production involvement in design, probably representing the standing of the production function in the usa in this industry and the communication gap separating it from rd, another cultural factor.
held :: presidential elections were last held in june 1985 see p. 33769; legislative elections were last held in june 1988 see p. 36086.
northampton :: thomas a becket in flight after his trial at northampton castle in 1164 is supposed to have gained respite here.
car :: another witness told the coroner she was overtaken by a red car and then the escort and while she did not feel the cars were racing, they were travelling fairly quickly and she thought they were together.
extend :: i personally think the gallery's grossly under used you have a large number of exhibitions that seem to extend over six to eight weeks.
sufficient :: some jobs were too short-lived for them to build up sufficient contributions to acquire eligibility for unemployment benefit.
managers :: i worked abroad as a player for five years and watched and learned from various managers.
civil :: a costume entertainment from the time of the civil war.
swire :: cries of and don't forget the bridge pursued swire sugden as he wended his way home.
disease :: pathogenic those bacteria causing disease in fish.
davis :: doctor alan maryon davis
fallen :: ooh she's just fallen over
bumble :: do you know anything good about him? asked mr grimwig, looking closely at mr bumble's face.
donkey :: sometimes a donkey would be used for the same purpose.
deeds :: what follows is a gossipy, racy account of funny incidents in court and counsels' past deeds of daring and defiance.
maintained :: variation is maintained.
alliance :: at a national level the triple alliance collapsed in april; with it went socialist hope that a united union movement could challenge the government.
pathologist :: a pathologist called dr paul fleisch described how marianne price had died.
40 :: a vehicle will fail the test if damage to the windscreen exceeds 10 mm in zone a the critical area in front of the driver and 40 mm in the remainder of the area swept by the windscreen wipers.
spacecraft :: as this works well different craters on a all this spacecraft here.
flavour :: this is flavour of the month.
standard :: these studies of immediate memory span are of more than historical interest because the fact that there is such a severe limit is important in the design of information presentations of technical data a standard ergonomics problem.
marriage :: it was, as one historian has noted, like two separate races confronting each other over the marriage bed.
24 :: in actual fact, there are some 15 vitamins, 24 minerals and 810 amino acids that have been isolated as being essential for normal body function.
togetherness :: hungarian/uk togetherness on the tisza
fasts :: on the way back from york, they finally resolved their marital problems; he was to make no sexual demands, she was to give up her friday fasts and pay his debts before starting on her pilgrimage to the holy land.
unfamiliar :: consider the predicament of native speakers watching a film with a bad soundtrack, or speaking to someone who talks indistinctly or in an unfamiliar dialect.
doubted :: it was not that i eventually doubted that the almighty responded to faith, but that because i had been so bound up by the desert, so full of self-interest, so neglectful of the god i was supposed to serve, that i could not have expected any co-operation from him.
sweat :: every window was black with paint and there was no air coming in at all and you walk in between very very hot ovens and the sweat was lashing down your back.
schooldays :: so it is with a good few of the faithful with whom i trod the boards in my schooldays.
twisting :: (james brown, 20/2/88 who made it single of the week along with the wedding present's nobody's twisting your arm)
fraction :: he lowered his head a fraction.
moscow :: russia has been showing former dissidents and migrs in moscow's and st petersburg's best museums but almost all the exhibitions have had western sponsors.
responsibilities :: the they day staff, so consequently whoever's in a =pec specific position has got to have the responsibilities that go with that position.
mark :: well mark the probabilities on here.
mood :: in the library endill found mr crangle in an unusually good mood.
dictators :: obviously his original motive is patriotism and love of gondor, but when this leads him to exalt strength to defend ourselves, strength in a just cause, our modern experience of dictators immediately tells us that matters would not stay there.
yugoslav :: formation of new yugoslav state
elizabeth :: in support of this notion, researchers like elizabeth aries and jennifer coates point out that women use support features like minimal responses not only with men but among themselves, in all-women conversation where gender hierarchy is not a factor.
prisoner :: amnesty sections all over the world include the prisoner letter writing campaign cases in the magazines and newssheets they publish in many other languages, from faroe to banlga.
urban :: developing countries and large urban areas in america use the technique now for roughly the same reason.
underground :: they are not underground for any of a number of reasons or they may be underground in another burrow system altogether.
bottles :: it's like new bottles for old wine
telephone :: aszal says that he tried to call a doctor or an ambulance from the public telephone but was prevented from doing so by the guards.
minton :: in imitation of velasquez, minton shows himself at his easel reflected in the mirror behind.
christianity :: religion: christianity (majority roman catholic).
tactics :: the choice of research tactics follows not from research doctrine, but from decisions in each case as to the best available techniques: the problem defines the methods used, not vice versa.
basis :: they were centrally organized, compiled on a uniform and universal basis, and backed by sanctions when co-operation was not forthcoming.
macaulay :: macaulay culkin is enduring every football-loving boy's worst nightmare.
adoption :: adoption can be traumatic for all involved parties, and nurses in all settings may be able to support people suffering due to an adoption
reasoned :: questions can be very controlling: for instance why don't we go out? means that the answer has to he well reasoned out.
heap :: his arms and legs flew wide as he cartwheeled over the hood and fell in a motionless heap in the dusty road behind them.
happening :: tina what's happening?
installed :: hewlett-packard pitched into the downsizing battle with a vengeance last week with the launch of new top-end multi-processors claimed to be more powerful than up to 85% of ibm's installed base of mainframe systems and in a supporting role gathered together an impressive list of mainframe specialist software houses committed to support the machines.
buddhists :: those of us who display buddha in the drawing-room are not necessarily buddhists.
answering :: it would then have to find out whether people were any more truthful when answering commercial questionnaires than political ones.
limit :: the basic idea (see figure 9.2 ) was that members agreed to maintain no more than a 2 per cent band around all their respective currencies so as to set a limit to the degree to which exchange values could fluctuate (the snake).
round :: i've got a lot of friends round the country, travelling round like i do.
normal :: that's pretty normal isn't it?
compared :: the costs involved in private medical insurance schemes have been rising very rapidly compared with inflation generally.
plastic :: most places would let you in if you could afford a plastic bomber jacket, and, of course, are happy to pay the entrance fee.
naturalist :: she was a dedicated if self-taught naturalist.
republished :: in 1965 all six volumes were republished with a new preface written by anna kate rance.
relationship :: taking the time to talk about the past, focusing on the experience of the counsellee in all its detail and complexity, can help to establish the counselling relationship.
shuttered :: he looked oddly withdrawn, the dark eyes shuttered.
constructive :: however, as a result of a recent court of appeal case (eurocopy plc v teasdale, reported only in the november 1991 edition of the journal plc) there is at least a risk that the purchaser will be deprived of a remedy for breach of warranty where it is aware of the breach following a disclosure or otherwise, and despite any provisions in the sale and purchase agreement that no actual or constructive knowledge on the part of the purchaser would prejudice a claim.
happen :: it is incredible that this can happen on a british ship.
re :: or you could stay another year at school or college and re-take the subjects you failed.
stared :: the citizens of riverbank stood at the water's edge and stared in horror at the two on the opposite bank.
soil :: scoring the soil film thereby allowing cleaning agent to penetrate to the substance and work from underneath is a partial answer.
admirable :: sub-text : i am admirable.
impersonal :: the impersonal style suits me.
1960s :: indeed, the rise of community politics in the late 1960s helped to focus academic interest on the north american community power studies, but the new research received its most important theoretical support through the emergence of urban managerialism.
nightcap :: after our nightcap.
sky :: set against the high side-window of the open car and the evening sky, the effect was extraordinary, the portrait, flavia thought she saw, of isabella d'este.
smells :: it smells though.
trussed :: drove her there, i mean, trussed up in the boot of a car.
pat :: there was no reply to the phone, but as we were going that way to spend the night at sandspit, we called at the neighbours and found that pat was away for a few days.
selling :: similarly, an expert selling obsolete knowledge may soon find power is withdrawn.
1922 :: these were considerations that could not be ignored by a conservative leader, austen chamberlain had been toppled in 1922 because he had not withdrawn from an unpopular coalition in time; and one of the motives for the destruction of the lloyd george coalition was a desire to replace it by a protectionist government.
substantial :: where, the environment trust, since our initial meeting have spoken er, both with essex county council and community groups in the area and have made substantial progress erm on the idea of er, using some of the land to the rear of er, the existing franklyns block er, so they do want to come back with some wider proposals for a larger scheme which will be much the same as regards the franklyns block but will include nine er, additional homes erm, and they will be two three bed houses and seven er, two bedroom houses.
carry :: it might be possible to use an annual grant of 300 to carry out the necessary paintwork.
boy :: who's a good boy?
5 :: tommy searle and danny shea replied for the home team only to see another cooper, ian, make it 5-3.
reckon :: reckon everybody needs a bit of excitement.
protection :: it is necessary to apply s. 1(3) which states: an occupier of premises owes a duty to another (not being his visitor) in respect of any such risk as is referred to in subsection (1) if (a) he is aware of the danger or has reasonable grounds to believe it exists; (b) he knows or has reasonable grounds to believe that the other is in the vicinity of the danger concerned or that he may come into the vicinity of the danger (in either case whether the other has lawful authority for being in that vicinity or not); and (c) the risk is one against which, in all the circumstances of the case, he may reasonably be expected to offer the other some protection.
guild :: it would be misleading to imply that there were only three strata of funeral existing at the end of the sixteenth century monarchial, noble and guild; what one had depended entirely on one's status.
lessons :: you had piano lessons for three years, but you didn't learn anything.
hear :: we must hear silence
shape :: she had already had occasion to notice katherine's skills, skills with arrangement, with colours and shape.
transport :: er passenger transport, er we have over the last three four years er taken sort of er in passenger transport .
northern :: secondary analysis of the northern ireland continuous household
fine :: he'll be fine
enemies :: as far as you know did he have any enemies?
shoes :: dalgliesh picked up the bag containing the shoes.
horsham :: kerseys were made at midhurst and petworth and leather workers were prominent in horsham, one of the most flourishing towns in the weald of sussex, as well as a prime example of a town which, despite an outstanding rate of economic growth since the last general fiscal revaluation in 1334, remained unplaced in the national league table (see table 2.7).
camp :: of course i'll have to camp as well
contraceptive :: there was no significant difference between cases and controls in oral contraceptive use: 12 of the 16 hypertensive women had recorded use of oral contraceptives compared with 13 of the 16 controls.
jokes :: then she made jokes.
greek :: i've not enjoyed a dip in the briny since a little moonlighting i did, some time in the 1500s, when i helped a greek pal of mine sing some mariners to their doom.
reprogrammability :: pro-file's reprogrammability allows the decompression algorithm to be updated or changed, and personal information, like name and telephone number, displayed.
management :: national institutions and habits of technical work, management, and training:
worlds :: a khan who claims to rule all the known worlds?
proposition :: let me put this proposition to the test and see what it means first for the future economic character of the eec and for britain's place within it.
rally :: the second set unfolded in much the same way, with the herts player who recently scored another major success when he beat the nationally-ranked neil dyson in a county friendly rally from 45 down to hold his serve and make it all-square, before breaking ainley's service in the following set to go 65 ahead.
anxious :: vi was anxious.
frustrating :: it is very frustrating.
distort :: friends of the earth want more protection, claiming golf courses distort the environment.
happened :: it is said, therefore, that it directly causes or permits the nuisance to continue, as happened in halsey's case.
accused :: law firm healy baillie has accused the agency, which is an offshoot of lloyd's of london insurance market, of negligence after it allegedly inspected the passenger ship scandinavian star and approved its safety shortly before its tragic voyage.
western :: full title: western european union.
folder :: run the blunt end of the bone folder along the groove that forms the hinge.
application :: it's just the application
smith :: one of the white rhodesians he talked to there was alec smith, the son of the prime minister.
virtually :: those price agreements, which virtually guarantee the firms a 25 per cent profit on the drugs, are being renegotiated this month.
habits :: we are not going to tell you about our eating habits.
young :: what what else would you eat when you were young?
language :: i write about these themes myself but often only for want of a better language.
hundreds :: hundreds of crates of beer were stacked against three of the whitewashed walls but the fourth, and longest, wall was hidden behind rows of wooden racks lined with bottles of both local and imported wines.
indian :: wonder why its indian or china?' she remarked idly to dotty.
revise :: governments have issued ordinances and decrees; they have announced plans and established missions; parliament has voted laws, sometimes heavily amending bills laid before them by ministers; ministers have been told to revise their draft-bill by the president; the constitutional council has refused to accept all the terms of laws voted by parliament.
earlier :: if i can just pick on community homes stamping reduction and we've talked about that already earlier.
obtained :: in the five-phase machine, for example, the highest peak static torque is obtained when two or three phases are excited.
glasses :: taking two glasses from the sideboard hudson opened the wine.
pi :: for each call to a pi routine, an incident log file is created in the directory specified in the input parameter lifespanuser.
executive :: the jobs that do seem to be safe are those of top management: an official familiar with the agenda for next week's board meeting said that it doesn't include any discussion of personnel changes involving john akers or any other executive.
considering :: she thought seriously for a moment, considering.
simply :: such images may startlingly demonstrate the general truth that the meaning of a work cannot simply be equated with its subject.
views :: he had waited too long to make his constitutional views known.
county :: the deal is believed to have been financed with debt and equity funding arranged by anz banking group and county natwest ventures.
developing :: below the gentry another group made a particular mark on the developing sussex landscape, the husbandmen and yeomen.
quartered :: campaign badges and honour markings, yes, those of course, on the greaves protecting their right shanks in many cases quartered and augmented with extra honours.
holist :: if we want to know when the counterfactuals definitive of holist explanation can be sustained, we shall have to study the links between constraints such as those imposed by the longue dure and the attributes of individuals in considerable detail; and this in turn requires the separation of the latter from the mlange of vnements .
freedom :: it should have made him feel more imprisoned than ever, but instead brought an unexpected breath of freedom.
tested :: he says that it needs to be tested.
stamp :: put it there, stick us on a stamp.
shackleton :: a fall in defence earnings resulted in a profits collapse last year at graseby, formerly known as cambridge electronic industries, writes richard shackleton.
staring :: lindsey climbed out after him, staring in dismay at the escaping column of steam.
avoid :: financial how to avoid churning
sheep :: i i liked i liked sheep.
satellite :: also stringfellows bar is right next door and has satellite tv and pop videos.
abuse :: since the green paper was published, there has been further evidence of the scope for abuse of check-off arrangements.
sayin :: well, i'm not sayin' i believe it, mind, but i want to know about that happy-birthday message.
replaced :: three benefits have been replaced by an entirely new set of conditions and considerations: supplementary benefit has been replaced by income support; family income supplement by family credit; and single payment by the social fund.
output :: in practice, its output is at least as good as any of the others, except the deskjet 550c, whose graphics capabilities were noticeably better.
road :: this hypothesis cannot be convincingly proven on current evidence, but if accepted, it would suggest an early ribbon development with short side-streets and lanes, perhaps extending c. 700 m (2300 ft) either side of the main north-south road junction, followed by a mid to late second-century remodelling of the region to the west, perhaps contemporary with the new defences.
premise :: it does not enable us to identify the faulty premise.
advice :: you may be called upon to devise anything from a competition to a collection of recipes (taking expert advice if you are wise).
beaten :: daru has only been beaten once in six starts this season, when starting slowly in a moderate handicap at ripon, and he will be a tough nut to crack.
trade :: i don't wanna trade from home.
1982 :: sir bernard lovell frs has recently vividly recalled in new scientist the development of centimetric radar systems (vol 96, pp 246 and 315 1982).
kim :: how old is kim now?
learn :: i had to learn to be more relaxed about things, to let other people take over.
effectively :: thames valley police were criticised for not effectively alerting ports and airports to watch for him.
mars :: take a long lingering bite of your favourite mars bar it will never taste the same again after november.
participating :: institutions participating with the department of town planning, university of wales college of cardiff in the wswrrl include the south west universities regional computer centre at the university of bath, the university of southampton and the polytechnic of wales.
credit :: the bank of scotland mastercard credit agreement.
liberal :: torquay 93 bears a momento to suit everyone.even liberal democrat rock.
koi :: koi have not yet abandoned carp-like feeding habits.
studying :: wa wasn't it when, when we were studying about landlord tenant relationships
chicken :: right yes but even if, even if romeo took marriage, the fact doesn't always mean you're chicken does it just say let's talk about it instead.
cancer :: new research suggests that smoke particles act as collecting grounds for natural radioactive isotopes in the air and cause dangerous levels of alpha radiation to build up in hot spots in lungs, triggering cancer.
william :: minton's first printed book jacket had accompanied william sansom's three, published by the hogarth press in 1946 and probably commissioned by lehmann before he left that firm.
patsy :: her hat had a white gauzy veil that protected her face, and patsy thought she looked grand.
reaction :: her reaction had been quietly puzzled.
roof :: it's either that or the roof, we've got to do something.
arguments :: arguments may continue at varying levels about what completing the internal market does or should mean.
roses :: but if you haven't got roses in your garden, it's not too late to plant now.
player :: he'll be a good player.
serpent :: i. v, my serpent of old nile, ds 37.
recording :: the old imperial airways handley-page hp-42 airliner of the 1930s had a crude form of fdr recording engine rpm, as did the airspeed ambassador used by bea in the 1950s.
putt :: read the slope of the bank in just the same way as you would with a long putt, and the results can often be very accurate.
choose :: we do not think it is possible to deny that there are circumstances in which individuals may justifiably choose to enter into a homosexual relationship... although such a relationship could not be regarded as the moral or social equivalent of marriage.'
classifier :: tables 2, 5, 6 and 7, however, may only be applied by the classifier where instructed.
rating :: years later during the war when i went to central flying school to get an instructors rating, he once more instructed me and this time got another gong air force cross for conduct far and beyond the call of duty, trying a second time to teach me to fly (or so my mentors claim).
defending :: jamie hill, defending mansha, said he was now separated from his girlfriend because of the incident.
maker :: a lady in a sage-coloured dress which displayed the name of its maker, moschino, on the cuffs seemed especially sympathetic.
effect :: fluctuations occurred throughout the year: the deficit in may was 10,200 million, an increase of 23.6 per cent over april due to an increase in imports of oil and industrial equipment and to the effect on exports of the rise in value of the dollar; in july and september the deficits fell to a five-year low due to a decline in the purchase of foreign machinery and consumer goods, and to an increase in aircraft exports.
happens :: . all too often they discredit themselves by engaging in character assassination and by their transparent acceptance of bad research when it happens to suit their case.
smokes :: for someone espousing the virtues of fitness it is surprising to learn that she smokes between 15 and 20 cigarettes a day.
pointers :: here are some pointers on how to go about the writing task: 1.
canker :: he was the weevil in the fruit, according to rex, the canker in their midst.
surviving :: now with a group of other britons he's cycling the fifteen hundred miles of his original escape route, to raise money for surviving resistance members.
separating :: it would be like separating a film score from the film.
dave :: coun dryden did not attend last night's meeting but his views were echoed at by labour colleague coun dave ross, who said he could not support the cuts before leaving the meeting.
curfew :: i started to worry about the curfew.
12 :: 05: political science and international relations; 12: socio- legal studies; 10: economic and social history
falcons :: esden gives falcons victory
overused :: national parks overused
alternative :: acquisition of foreign technology has usually been an alternative to reform, not a complement to it.
ideologisation :: but after 40 years of over-ideologisation, our first task is to build proper political structures and democratic institutions.
influencing :: there was a body of evidence that established that at the material time there was more than a normal commercial incentive influencing the actions of bunn.
testament :: its chapter (4) on the old testament reflected the biblical theology of the 1950s and the patristic viewpoint as enshrined in the liturgy.
companionably :: they settled down companionably.
brace :: why are you wearing that wrist brace?
emit :: when the sodium atoms in these lamps emit their wave packets there is no phase relationship between them, so there is no possibility of a beat note building up.
whole :: so i'd say peter; he had more talent in a little finger than i've got in my whole body no exaggeration.
mumbled :: i wish you weren't going out now, he mumbled into the pad
decor :: just happened to mention in the night says i'd like a white telly you know, go a bit more with, with the decor
durkheim :: we shall see shortly how durkheim's ideas have influenced the development of modernisation theory.
movement :: not a movement.
hair :: but it's the wrong sort of hair.
cotton :: cotton smelled so nice.
clever :: well, well, very clever.
premises :: the common duty of care is a duty to take such care as in all the circumstances of the case is reasonable to see that the visitor will be reasonably safe in using the premises for the purposes for which he is invited or permitted by the occupier to be there.
models :: the literacy models for her o.p.p are very contemporary.
different :: we cannot know whether a british government that genuinely wanted a russian alliance could have produced a different result but it would have stood a chance.
worth :: the practical home improvement magazine power tools on test ventilation: a breath of fresh air a look into mirrors christmas electrics cosy hearth focus on fireplaces win a fabulous bathroom suite worth 1,000!
strings :: he can pull strings.
constitution :: any trouble she gave her last pilot was more to do with adverse conditions and those middle years of neglect than any flaw in her constitution.
fairly :: that might have been that: one more competent but fairly low-key koi dealer among many.
powerfully :: two strands running shotgun constantly through facelift are the immense industrial riffs of jerry cantrell's guitar and layne staley's powerfully emotive singing.
jinny :: at the same moment, jinny heard doyle shout, what are you waiting for?
disentitled :: poor charles bradlaugh, returned time after time by the electors of northampton was first found by the courts (on the application of an informer for a penalty) to be disentitled to affirm (since, having no religion, he had no religious objection to taking the oath) (in clarke v bradlaugh (1881) 7 qbd 38, reversed but not on this point in bradlaugh v clarke (1883) 8 app cas 354).
profit :: the profit-maximizing policy involves setting marginal revenue equal to marginal cost.
colon :: in experiments on the colon (colonic transit), one cannula was positioned in the postcaecal portion of the colon; a second cannula was placed in the most distal part of the colon that was accessible at the time of laparotomy.
returned :: araminta's glance left his face and returned to aycliffe.
macerated :: hospital 1, which had the highest overall perinatal mortality rate (table i), also had the highest perinatal mortality rates for congenital malformation and macerated stillbirth.
decisions :: for already domestic class forces were being invented and manipulated at will to validate policy decisions.
adamant :: referrals er he was adamant it was two hundred pounds he was gonna get so there was an opportunity for referrals at the end from, from people that work with him.
outrageous :: lunch, madeleine said as if he'd suggested something outrageous.
sweet :: sweets to the sweet, farewell, mr hobbs said.
lives :: i know it will be a bit expensive, but chrissie comes first in our lives.
hedgehog :: he was up early again but he didn't go hedgehog-hunting.
foot :: her husband, uncle george, and their two daughters, maggie and marie, were like her, extremely short not one of them would have reached the five foot mark.
scotland :: he was 80 and had completed all the munros five times, the corbetts at least twice, all the donalds and a myriad of other hills in scotland and abroad.
grabbed :: geoffrey reckoned that there would be enough power to seriously scare any enemy who grabbed the handles of deborah's chair.
railway :: there is also a very pretty walk here, along the old railway line to another picturesque village, little melford.
product :: total spending on the nhs represented about 4 per cent of the gross domestic product in 1948, and rose to 6 per cent by 1990, stabilising in the 1980s.
roads :: now if we can get a proper public transport system, a properly funded public transport system which will make, you can force people off the roads but you can also force them to persuade the approach with a properly funded er public transport system which is a priced within the peoples pockets and b er you can lead to views that will be er, er will be a great advantage for the area and the fifth terminal at heathrow could fall par to this structure but if this new structure isn't there and if it isn't part of this adequately funded transport system then there is no point in, in building it was as i said earlier be, be madness.
trailed :: gurder's voice trailed off.
detachments :: in his uniform and riding-boots he now took the salute in the style of hitler or mussolini from an open car and inspected the detachments of his uniformed men drawn up in hyde park or near tower green.
less :: headline overcame the difficulties of its market the weakness of the retail scene, and less than robust sales through wholesalers to supermarkets and other non-traditional outlets not only by a strong new book publishing programme, with 385 new titles compared with 300 the previous year, but also by a cautious approach to overheads.
succumbed :: on this occasion, he succumbed to the verdict of a loaded ministerial group.
coins :: the man dug into his purse and slapped the coins into the coroner's hand.
issued :: guidelines for equal treatment of the sexes issued to all their contributors.
public :: yet even in such cases, it is possible that public involvement on specific issues will stimulate a more critical evaluation of such proposals in the future and generate a wider concern in other aspects of their environment, including the nature of the existing mechanisms for decision making.
sur :: in this issue you can read about auvers-sur-l'oise where many of the impressionists lived and painted, which has decided to give its tourists the hyperreal experience of walking through dejeuner sur l'herbe and travelling in the padded compartments of a nineteenth-century train with monet landscapes outside.
thursdays :: admission is 5 (with a 4 concession on thursdays only).
amendments :: these amendments, though significant, were principally changes of detail and were not substantial in extent.
baby :: your sister was my first baby.
r :: part of d r d a two is er two face commit coordination which we're also committed to support.
dislocated :: the drawing suggests a plan that has been abruptly dislocated.
wartime :: however, as is often the case in wartime, women have stepped into some positions previously held by men.
halidon :: bess halidon's eyes were half open, and joan, to whom death was no new experience, gently closed them.
bats :: the easiest time to see the bats' creches is at night, for the females do not carry the unnecessary load of a baby when they fly out to hunt.
1958 :: like i said, using a 1958 strat, a 2,000 prs and another strat fitted with emgs, we couldn't get the 80r to produce what we consider to be a good distortion sound.
noreen :: according to cousin noreen there were definite negotiations going on.
enforceability :: the cmi rules are intended to fill gaps in existing master and individual agreements and trading partner rules, and to provide norms to facilitate the enforceability of telecommunications in jurisdictions reluctant to accept such communications as binding.
purchases :: then she settled down at the dining-room table with her book purchases, which she had picked at random from the shelves of tollemarche's only book store and from the racks of one of the cigar stores.
0532 :: hansa's, 7274 north street (0532 444408) vegetarian.
earn :: your magazine discovered they didn't legitimately earn enough to meet their bills?
fourteen :: throughout the coalition, there were never more than fourteen offices of cabinet or departmental rank to satisfy the combined ambition of 300359 mps and a large number of peers.
bath :: a funeral service for murray, who was 24, was held last week in bath.
arrange :: they know when the ship is due in and arrange to have a vehicle waiting for me when we land.
underpin :: the consequence of ongoing organisational change is to create constant upheaval in the structures which create information and the teams and procedures which underpin record handling in all forms.
decided :: in that first split-second, angel one decided his only chance of survival lay not in defence, but in attack.
understanding :: it was in light of this experience of priests who were barely capable of understanding the latin vulgate and mass, or who juggled with a text and expounded it in such a way as to obscure its original meaning, that tyndale now decided to translate the new testament into english because i had perceived by experience, how that it was impossible to establish the lay-people in any truth, except the scripture were plainly laid before their eyes in their mother-tongue.
lying :: he moved the pen lying on the blotter in front of him slightly to one side.
revealed :: they never revealed the identity of their agents to anybody in any case.
development :: development expenditure was set at gd195,000,000.
listener :: if she has always been an outgoing person, her grief will probably be expressed in painful episodes of weeping, punctuated by the need to talk it all out over and over again in great detail to you and to other sympathetic relatives and friends, and you will help her a great deal if you are a patient listener.
predatory :: it was also highly predatory.
danger :: does he further agree that that needs to be a europe which is not only open and ready to trade fully with the rest of the world, but also ready to grapple with the greatest danger facing european stability, a danger which was scarcely mentioned at maastricht, and which must be faced by ensuring that the nations of eastern europe make it all the way to open democracies and that the vast and scattered nuclear arsenal of the former soviet union is brought under proper control and we prevent a great proliferation of nuclear weapons in the successor states?
takeover :: (5) a private company takeover.
revival :: in 1860 the present thomas street church was completed just after the 1859 revival.
zoo :: he did not like the zoo anyway.
rich :: though dumb she'll become some rich man's tits n
thumb :: there was a brutal, red thumb mark just at the point where her shoulders met her neck.
experiment :: and the experiment, of course.
politician :: alerted by an electronic alarm at the politician's holywood home, scores of armed ruc men quickly moved in and surrounded the house at my lady's mile.
directly :: i would stress that's redundancy costs in respect of service that employees have accrued whilst they have been directly employed by you.
shows :: options shows how innovative and daring ford can be, especially in difficult times.
drove :: i was really touched when all the mccarthys drove up with a few bits and pieces.
archaeological :: the skeumorph , in which, for example, a stone blade copies the style of a metal object, is a classic find in archaeological excavations of early bronze age sites.
sidney :: one was her husband, sidney she called him proopsie, and refused him sex through much of their 53-year marriage.
linked :: in that sense medicine and disability are inextricably linked, yet the approaches of physicians and surgeons to disabled people are criticised as well as praised.
stuff :: she'd gone out on a limb to get rid of jenny, shoving stuff under the girl's bedding when ordered by stonehenge.
pull :: you pull maha, said hussa.
department :: before withdrawing, he glanced around the department.
afternoon :: like your new suit, said mrs smelley, when charlie dropped off her weekly order that monday afternoon.
improvement :: improvement in material and social circumstances
gives :: footwear gives protection, comfort and warmth on and off the water.
lowell :: it was difficult to remember the route, but lowell's van in the bottom field signposted them in the right direction.
build :: well you've got to build up to where you are.
passenger :: curtis settled himself behind the wheel and laid the empty can on the passenger seat.
arms :: her arms and legs ached, and because of her pending interrogation she was ever conscious of being stripped of her knickers.
31,000 :: new security systems costing over 31,000 are to be installed in stockton public libraries following an unexplained loss of books.
recorded :: this was by far the stiffest opposition ever recorded in the confirmation of a cia director.
trickle :: it was believed that continued high rates of building construction and enlightened social welfarism would produce a trickle-down effect to gradually remove all residual problems.
softest :: she had the softest charcoal-brown eyes virginia had ever seen.
live :: recorded not long after a live cycle at the 1974 aix-en-provence festival celebrating the 50th anniversary of the composer's death, these are wide-ranging, run-in performances that completely escape the contrivance and routine that can so often creep into such extensive complete surveys.
solution :: with the x mover that's what they called the solution.
revolution :: human culture, which at this period was making its first faltering steps towards thorough-going agriculturalism and the full-scale neolithic revolution which it was to bring in its train, seems to have found the loss of the ur-mother of the primal hunting and gathering society hard to get over.
unless :: the victim of a sexual assault threatened to tell the town of the crime unless she was paid money.
offence :: for this is too just a man not to recognise his own offence.
name :: this makes it difficult if the band is split in half with both sides wanting to use the band's original name.
nobody :: nobody ever gave me a chance.
sharp :: in sharp contrast, derry are chasing a league and cup double.
cup :: we weren't allowed to have a we weren't allowed to have a cup of tea in break time no but er we were all on edge you know for fear, if he kicked it it would have scalded his foot and he were, he were only a few inches away from it, and of course he went now what we used to say now nosing around and we shouldn't have done he had a job to get round because he was
strategy :: others can be more flexible, depending on their competitive strength and strategy of expansion.
oversea :: the likelihood of their serving at home or oversea were you not aware of the government's express assurance on the latter point?
protect :: by early 1973 it was clear that they would do little or nothing to protect the exchange rate from the impact of domestic policies, and indeed increasingly resented the attempts of european and japanese central banks to prevent the dollar rate from finding its own level.
chalker :: mrs chalker, who was britain's governor at the 55-nation bank, was replaced by senior civil servant timothy lankester, but her sudden departure left britain with one of the few non-political delegations at this meeting which starts here on monday.
colours :: for the summer scene the colours are cobalt blue, pale olive green and a hint of cadmium yellow.
undershirt :: he had a thermal undershirt on, she got impatient, rucked it up with her hands, bent her head to kiss his broad brown chest.
harry :: harry was sitting at his recently acquired table, reading and attempting single-handedly to demolish a six-pack of beer, when he heard the knock.
card :: do you have a charge card there, sir?
doctor :: when we started having sex i was fifteen and scared that if i went on the pill the doctor would tell my mum.
colleagues :: my colleagues seemed genuinely worried by my decision and many of them tried to convince me to change my mind.
repeated :: let her go, he repeated.
favouritism :: by the following year, as a result of mortgage and foreclosures, the manifest favouritism shown to french squatters and the pressures of population, peasants in tonkin were having to feed themselves on average from the product of just over one-third of an acre of padi per head: in some localities barely a fifth.
pivotal :: i was somehow reversing that pivotal moment in my eidetic career eight years before, when mr broadhurst had bade me look in his waistcoat pocket and then made his move.
head.that :: she woke up moments before you were going to put the box over her head.that is not so sir, was his reply.
inquiry :: we can, to my mind, have good hope of both in the present inquiry.
tonight :: good, he'll contact you there, it might even be tonight.
tablecloth :: alas, they had no high chairs for nine month old daniel, and it was with a sinking heart that i picked up the menu, while trying to hold the baby and prevent toddler michael from pulling off the tablecloth.
embarrassing :: it's embarrassing and they take advantage especially at parties where some girls have had a lot to drink.
sisters :: it's very hard for her because she has lost two sisters.
drank :: we all drank.
minor :: (see also hall and minor 1984.)
objective :: the objective should be an introduction to risk issues.
tort :: in the absence of earlier cases to rely upon, the judge simply invented a new tort, and granted an injunction compelling the union to call off the pickets.
salad :: and then it was salad
wedding :: white always made her look heavier, and she wanted to look perfect on her wedding day.
yours :: yours blooming done?
throng :: it also helped me retain the image of myself as someone special, set aside from the throng, this time because of superior talent.
cleverness :: that's the secret; the big healey is just an uncomplicated, user-friendly car with little cleverness but lots of heart.
transformed :: this project has concluded that methods of systems design need to be transformed.
century :: second, simply in what scruton classifies as perversions masturbation, bestiality, necrophilia, paedophilia, sado-masochism, homosexuality, incest, fetishism he shows himself to have accepted uncritically the sexological/freudian classification of perversions as developed in the nineteenth century.
counselling :: so the centre will be offering counselling support as well.
shareholders :: i thank them, and all our suppliers, customers and shareholders for their support.
10.9 :: inflation rate 10.9% (fiscal 1988)
neil :: others: malcolm lyver (cairns angling) 7100; neil laing (washington) 668.
hemson :: meanwhile another magistrate, john hemson, is retiring from the bench today.
known :: if she felt the presence of a man she had never known here in this house, just how much did marguerite feel his presence and just how much did she need it at this time?
415 :: jimwho by this time was not quite so slim was fined 415 and banned for six months.
far :: a judge in another area declared a women's entry: by far the best i have seen this week.
although :: alyssia had for some reason thought that he spent the majority of his life in england, but it turned out that, although he owned a flat in london, he spent quite a lot of time working overseas.
preziose :: so le preziose not only tastes special, it looks special too.
quid :: tell me, why do i have to pay my informants a quid or more a time while you have snouts who could buy and sell both of us and who rush to buy you drinks whenever you appear?
changed :: two things have changed this situation.
gri :: the gri took his mastiff mongrel together with a parcel of rice for the dhmi : when he returned in the evening he said that the dog was no longer afflicted.
distinctly :: there are 8 rugose arm spines, many are distinctly curved.
upgraded :: the 23 residential units in the hospital, are to upgraded.
returns :: glencroft: returns to selling company, has won numerous races and can not be disregarded here.
follows :: video-taped report follows
popped :: since our friend from robben island was released, the alarm industry has popped!
boundary :: boundary disputing is a demeaning sport.
instrument :: use a sharp pointed instrument, such as a pen or pencil.
bait :: you always need bait.
appearances :: on the wall of his surprisingly modest flat, a street away from the stadium, is a framed picture of him in the hallowed yellow shirt of brazil, taken before one of his 25 international appearances.
tick :: it had a tick against it.
loudspeakers :: broadcasting via a system of street loudspeakers the radio is on the air for three hours each sunday.
circulation :: now suppose the velocity of circulation rises to 5 and the number of transactions increases to 40 million.
events :: the events of the week-end seemed to recede, to become locked away, as if i had dreamt them; and yet as i walked there came the strangest feeling, compounded of the early hour, the absolute solitude, and what had happened, of having entered a myth; a knowledge of what it was like physically, moment by moment, to have been young and ancient, a ulysses on his way to meet circe, a theseus on his journey to crete, an oedipus still searching for his destiny.
blood :: i had blood coming out of my tits.
groceries :: the groceries scattered.
workmen :: you won't get that with workmen
section :: i shall return to this in section 6.4.
enthusiasts :: formed to fill a long-standing local need, cheshire lines is the culmination of some years of suggestions and discussions by quite a number of railway enthusiasts in the stockport area.
realise :: for the tory opposition, the only hope was that the bill might be delayed; that, with the delay, the working man would come to realise that, if the bill became law, he would have been wholly disenfranchised; and that, with the realisation, the lower classes would unite with the aristocracy to secure the rejection of the proposals contained in the bill and their replacement by others much more modest.
damages :: we have agreed to pay damages and legal costs to the ministry of sound.
products :: because complete spindles come under the precision range of products .
hobbyist :: over the years there have been a great number of electronic games concocted for the hobbyist, including one or two cricket games.
properly :: but that was where the trouble was because it didn't toast properly.
floorboards :: the unmistakable creaking of floorboards.
require :: windows applications are starting to require windows 3.1 and protected mode.
chipped :: they need to be chipped away.
indicate :: these reports summarise the demands made on the computer system over time, and indicate how well the system met those demands.
lawn :: well er actually bob bought this other one cos he knew i liked, i quite enjoy cutting the lawn, i
sweetness :: gina bit into an apricot and nut danish pastry, acknowledging an untypical craving for sweetness, beginning to relax now the conversation had been established as impersonal.
equally :: the presentation and typography is equally inconsistent.
higher :: some ldcs have also experienced a brain-drain' as professional and skilled workers migrated to the north to seek out better opportunities and higher incomes.
enp :: before its commencement we did not know how the enp would be received in the department or indeed whether the proposed scheme would turn out to be a workable one.
christians :: pakistan's christians fear fundamentalists
threat :: the threat to portland comes less than two years after it gained a reprieve.
rejects :: sikhism is a comparatively new religion and is meant to be a religion of reform which rejects both the caste system and the oppression of women.
guitars :: slotted heads are rare on electric guitars, and remember that string-changing tends to be slower.
discussion :: and the ica is unique in providing theatre, film, literary events and a discussion forum on a scale unmatched elsewhere.
winners :: in a corner of the great library arlott would gleefully construe his winners and losers, shed a tear as leo harrison or barry reed presented an ornamented mug as token of thanks, serve the unchanging banquet of watercress soup and venison, then watch with avuncular pride as the best arms in hampshire cricket, reed or harrison, laid low the last coconuts of alresford fair, the midnight lights now glowing.
trustees :: for example, a creates an overseas settlement by lending money to his trustees to buy investments.
board :: the review board's waiting for you.
date :: date award ended:
feethams :: darlington skipper kevan smith wants the manager's job at feethams.
pahinui :: and where does gabby pahinui come in?
giving :: a mantelpiece edging is perfect for giving your fireplace a special decorative touch.
evans :: evans had laid out the bitch who had invited them with a bottle before he'd leapt through, and that had cost him a glancing bullet on the side of his arse.
laces :: la laces are a thing of the past.
ruling :: he says the ruling shops that travellers don't have any rights.
wanna :: do you wanna get down?
opposite :: a formal dinner means that the person opposite you is probably the only one well placed for speech readability; those on either side of you are too close.
prove :: it was up to them to prove their case.
eleven :: i still get smaller parts helping with year eleven.
du :: rna was analysed by dot blots using gene screen plus (du pont company, nen products boston, ma.
quoted :: any man's death diminishes me quoted stevie, because i am involved in mankind.
kg :: red star facilities still exist at newtown, machynlleth and aberystwyth, but prices are high 3 parcels 54 kg total weight, station to station, aberystwyth to reading recently cost your writer 85.
enterprise :: scottish enterprise is right to refocus its attention increasingly from inward investment to the challenge of nurturing indigenous firms.
pulsair :: removal of the pulsair system will not significantly affect the performance or improve the mpg, so is best left alone.
lounge :: it was a typical winter's day on the east coast, with a chill, sleet-laden wind which caused the official party to make a hasty withdrawal to the reception lounge after the launching ceremony.
september :: 01 september 1990
faeces :: infection with toxoplasma gondii can be acquired from soil contaminated by cats' faeces and by consumption of undercooked meat and unpasteurised goats' milk.
gascoigne :: taylor maintains he has mapped out alternative plans should he be forced to go into a game without gascoigne.
claudia :: you've wasted your time, roman, he said with more resolution than claudia would have believed possible.
advise :: so what did control advise?
leaks :: but the disadvantage for the householder is that any leaks in the pipe crossing your property will also be measured by the meter.
f :: for example, if which we write as d = diag(1,2,3), and then if c and d are to permute we must have so that d = e = f = g = h = k = 0, leaving c = diag (a, b, c).
villain :: o i'm big and i'm bad and i'm bold and i'm free and the world will never see another villain like me
layers :: the layers of paint are built up by the application of a thin wash, staining the primed canvas.
resident :: the student services department administers the access fund which is available to students normally resident in the united kingdom to assist in access to higher education and continuation of studies.
nazarean :: and it was in these places that nazarean tradition was to continue.
failure :: sadly, their world was shattered when, within days of her birth, doctors told them their child had acute liver failure.
lack :: it is scarcely surprising that when the select committee on nationalized industries examined this problem it found a lack of clarity and certainty and purpose among what it called the sponsoring government departments.
commission :: erm, what is this commission, w , w is this a
positivist :: by rejecting the stance of positivist criminology and by taking criminal motivations as given, postclassical criminology shifts the question from what causes crime to what influences people in the direction of conformity.
vandalism :: the council was told that the cost had gone up by more than 100,000 because of vandalism to the project.
rumours :: karpov's play seemed flaccid and lifeless and there were rumours that he was physically and psychologically drained by the unprecedented length of this marathon match.
subscriptions :: to offset the effects of disproportionate increases, the government implemented as an interim measure a scheme whereby two thirds of the medical rate of mdo subscriptions was reimbursed to those practitioners employed full time in the nhs.
competent :: any competent bush mouse, not to mention man or elephant, can step aside and contemplate the whole grass-roots frenzy at leisure, an object less of menace than of strangeness and wonder, the culmination of an evolutionary story as different from that of mammals as it is possible to conceive in this world.
putting :: whitehall officials are putting their usual brave face on the prospect that, against british objections, a version of the social charter will be agreed and an inter-governmental conference arranged for late 1990 or early 1991 to consider amending the treaty of rome in the direction of a single central bank and currency.
band :: though howard believed himself to be championing joseph's cause, his solution to the problem was simply to compensate the wellamotkin band for its removal to lapwai.
regatta :: lady victoria's john armstrong will be attempting to overcome the disappointment of missing out on a record sixth title at last weeks trinity regatta next weekend.
harris :: telephone neil harris on now!
politically :: all of these anniversaries, however, were politically charged, with the pro-william and anti-popish celebrations of november being whiggish occasions, and the pro-stuart commemorations of the spring being more pro-tory.
begins :: he begins: sport in britain is strapped for cash.
appreciative :: in the audience i found an appreciative dave allen, the comedian.
plays :: no one today plays like that.
unconsciousness :: there is an unconsciousness in this work which is effective and enigmatic.
marks :: there was always something, it seemed: muddy footprints, finger marks on a clean wall, a blackened towel.
fluids :: my gp told me not to worry and to drink more fluids.
supply :: on this hypothesis one would expect the eastern spit, sandbanks peninsula in the case of poole harbour, to be in a state of decay due to the cutting off of the supply of material by the breach.
minister :: i have had to minister to several who have felt oppressed by their connection with freemasonry.
parties :: but, really, those outrageous parties just became too much.
positive :: however, the issue is settled by positive evidence not by ingenious explanation of the failure to confirm the idea.
surface :: flake food floats on the water's surface, which suits most of our fish.
carpet :: carpet tiles are marvellously practical because they can be moved around stress areas under chairs, in front of sofas and worn ones replaced as necessary.
unheard :: using customary pseudonyms, the artists to be found on this album will give any detroitphile palpitations, especially as they are previously-unheard tracks.
strong :: today's investigation proves that mr major would have been beaten without the strong-arm tactics.
park :: his sudden death occurred at his home, 10 park road, haverstock hill, 13 january 1865, when he was aged forty-one.
surge :: but with the memory of that wild surge of reaction last night, the devouring way roman had kissed her, she'd felt far more sensitive on the subject than necessary.
prelude :: the journey was an exciting prelude, the hospitality at our guest house was warm and sincere and hungary is such a delightful country for the holidaymaker.
possibly :: or possibly she had seen nothing at all, and it was pure fantasy.
defensively :: she clutched her jacket defensively against her breasts.
toy :: subject: re:toy gary sprakes
direct :: once the application is up on the hp apollo 9000 series 700 workstation family, hewlett-packard promises to provide marketing and sales programmes, such as promotions, through its direct sales force, resellers and distributors.
tablelinen :: also, a great selection of bedcovers, quilts and tablelinen.
pensions :: in 1935, the very same neville chamberlain, who ten years earlier had even been considering a contributory earnings-related scheme, could tell the conservative party annual conference that better retirement pensions would be prohibitively costly, would release only a paltry number of jobs and would create grave legal and administrative problems in enforcing the retirement condition: are you going to create a new penal offence the offence of doing work? he asked.
ortiz :: who can it be but ortiz?
chuck :: well what i what i did here, to work it out so i could come up to some sort of value, is i said i haven't had time to chuck these back on the screen yet to start again
pasture :: means when it's put out to pasture
bush :: climbing sports originate for the most part from bush types sporting extra long canes which still bear the same flowers as the parent.
seem :: they seem to be full of references to lofty things.
deprive :: the combination of results needed to deprive the republic of their first appearance in the world cup finals is so fantastic that the possibility can be discounted.
outlived :: what evidence is there that these overt policies and covert assumptions have outlived the political and economic structures which brought them into being?
ena :: i think ena's gonna be back with it, before you know it
exploded :: one of the truck's headlights exploded.
dangerous :: you don't till something dangerous happens, do you?
emergency :: for use in extreme emergency.
referred :: professions are sometimes referred to as institutions, but the interesting point is that compared to many institutions they function less on the basis of formal, explicit regulations and codes than on informal, tacit norms and expectations.
intentional :: to identify classes you have to go back to the intentional properties of individuals to the judgments, desires and aspirations which are essential to explaining what they then do in the class struggle.
vestiges :: vestiges of the original life-lease remained.
announced :: president omar bongo announced on march 9, after a meeting of the central committee of the ruling gabonese democratic party (pdg), that a national conference would be held at the end of march to discuss democracy and to draft the statutes of a new party, the gabonese social democratic rally (rsdg).
lasted :: i also did a world tour with mike oldfield which lasted over a year.
chelsea :: christian and chelsea were allowed home for new year but andrew, who has had five heart murmurs, was released just a few days ago.
friends :: they're some friends of mine.
investment :: the uk on feb. 23 formally lifted its voluntary ban on new investment in south africa and the promotion of tourism, unilaterally breaking ec agreements on sanctions, on the grounds that this would encourage further internal reforms in south africa.
gone :: what had gone from the attic she could only guess, for she did not remember half the things they stored there.
lake :: the report disclosed that the ministry of agriculture monitoring programme for the lake had been seriously inaccurate.
contiguous :: the two countries are contiguous.
sixty :: sixty quid's good enough innit?
lamont :: in his reply, mr lamont ignored everything that had been said.
narrowing :: hammond looked at kim again, narrowing his eyes.
ride :: no one ever teaches you how to ride you are given the opportunity with stabilisers and encouragement, with the right environment being a smooth, safe pavement.
changes :: equally, it is one in which the pattern of uneven development at the international level changes in line with the shifting relations of domination and subordination between countries.
grey :: the one with grey markings.
cause :: routine blood tests contribute little in finding the cause of anaemia.
surnames :: if some voters' choices are determined by the lottery of surnames, others are channelled by specific guidance.
visiting :: the visiting dog was so amazed, he walked off and left oscar alone.
initiatives :: to ask the secretary of state for defence what new initiatives he has to further policies of achieving transparency in the world arms trade.
actors :: we're actors we're the opposite of people!
nervous :: all sections have been expanded with particular emphasis on paediatric aids, oral manifestations, and the effect of aids on the central nervous system.
discovered :: kiwis use their noses to find buried food, and recently it has been discovered that magpies and other birds do as well.
mind :: i can't say that i mind.
piggott :: perhaps he was calling on his sexton, albert piggott, or on harold shoosmith nearby.
mid :: after following field tracks and minor roads across mid-devon, passing through quaint villages, you arrive in exmoor.
exhibited :: the correlation exhibited by these findings corresponds with the predictions made above.
repetition :: numerous witnesses for the prosecution followed each other with almost boring repetition into the box.
knowing :: but after knowing you for as long as i have
lorimer :: billy bremner with a western novel in hand shows peter lorimer eddie gray the apache peace sign
officers :: with that in mind, the officers rightly in my opinion made the decision to bring this incident to a halt in this way.
nelson :: plans are moving well, said dr stuart nelson, managing director of our industrial business group.
species :: ronald garrett of the fws endangered species office in anchorage, alaska, commented that we simply don't know the cause of the decline one of a growing number of apparently inexplicable population collapses in animal and bird species.
fitted :: this was duly fitted to said bass and instantly cured the problem.
detention :: he was sentenced to 12 months detention.
cheated :: she had been sorry for him, and he had cheated her!
gulf :: peat believes the market has now stabilised although at a significantly lower level than before the gulf crisis and recession in key economies.
zoe :: not little cindy, little zoe !
deserve :: the ancients deserve their tribute, but there is a right and a wrong way to emulate them.
accusing :: yanto's voice was almost accusing.
tough :: as a result, the board decided not to propose a final dividend. 1992 has been tough.
claws :: it is the offspring of a lion and an eagle, with the hindparts of the former and the head, neck, wings and claws of the latter.
cooper :: defendants malcolm packford and david cooper weren't in court their defence solicitor asked for an adjournment in their absence.
smart :: i was keen on the uniform, being smart.
feat :: no mean feat really, considering the kinds of temptations
offers :: the province offers an excellent network of regular bus and train services and its main roads and motorways are among the best in europe.
disappointed :: but decoy man, richard chappell wasn't disappointed.
self :: a shudder raced through her as self-knowledge hit her hard.
janja :: they wouldn't buy food, they'd buy janja .
determination :: the resolution reiterated a proposal for direct negotiations between the leaders of the two communities and stressed that no concessions can be made on the principles of sovereignty, self-determination or the existence of two separate peoples symbolizing the founding partnership.
eetpu :: eric hammond, eetpu today's party is a party of law-makers, not law-breakers.
indirectly :: we wish to thank everyone who has contributed directly or indirectly to the preparation of this document.
pritchard :: mr pritchard brought me.
collar :: william jerked his collar.
spellings :: yes, we'll, we'll do that when we've had our spellings
immense :: his face took on a more pleasing expression, the immense frown being jacked upwards into an insouciant grin.
mail :: available by mail order from davies systems, brandsby, york yo6 4sj.
prevaricated :: lucy rarely prevaricated.
theories :: the authors continued to assert that conspiracy theories which range from the unprovable to the incredible do nothing to cast light on the jewish question or credibility on the nationalist movement.
regular :: this is subject to regular review.
therefore :: therefore the observed o 3 changes cannot be entirely attributed to the mount pinatubo eruption.
privy :: fourteen polytechnics, including three in the north-east, were given approval to become universities by the privy council office under the government's higher education reforms.
stimulate :: the government's concern throughout the late 1940s was to stimulate building to make up the deficiencies in housing stock arising from bomb damage and the wartime standstill in house building.
reverser :: only this time nothing happened; the reverser stayed deployed, continuing to drag the aircraft to the right.
aycliffe :: quality bream of 6lb gave stanley vickers joe reid the upper hand during aycliffe ac's opening fixture of the friday evening series on aycliffe pond.
gloom :: after the gloom of the corridor, the single ceiling light was harsh, ugly.
carter :: bardeen, carter, and i found a similar law relating to the change in mass of a black hole to a change in the area of the event horizon.
promptly :: the share price promptly plummeted.
flirt :: i wish i knew how to flirt.
pigeons :: thus pigeons learn patterns of pecking behaviour by being given grain; students learn patterns of language behaviour by being given approval.
pain :: the parents' pain on behalf of their children was almost too much to bear.
claimed :: up to two thirds of the operating profits of owner-managed companies goes on interest payments, it is claimed today.
lead :: the wooden stairs along the north wall lead directly upwards to location 53.
march :: ian scott, co-ordinator of its rural adult education project, said that at times the enthusiasm of the groups being taught had to be dampened: at the opening class of a course being run in co durham, the students frightened the tutor by demanding that there should be a march on county hall.
poses :: it is basically a history of the present, a concept which poses problems of its own.
i. :: take it, said i.
scornfully :: he labours scornfully for this simon giles, faintly comforted by a corner in classical studies which has been granted him for reasons to do with the firm's image.
paused :: kat, ma petite kat, jacob jardine paused at the door of thomas sachs' gracious living room and looked at his daughter.
detailed :: detailed anatomical studies need to be done alongside modern hydrodynamic experiments.
publishing :: this paper deals only with the theory of electronic publishing.
cycling :: cycling makes you fitter and gives you a better life expectancy.
injuries :: the university's list of injuries also includes a suspected broken wrist.
n :: john cummings (easington) don dixon (jarrow) doug henderson (newcastle n)
artemis :: it may be that this goddess was worshipped at the peak sanctuaries, where it is known that pyres were lit; the later artemis cult also involved mountain-top bonfires.
narrow :: what could be more debilitating to the young, what harder to bear with constancy, than being shut into a narrow stone cell, under lock and key, with only a narrow cot, a tiny reading desk and a crucifix on the wall for company, and the length of half a dozen stone flags for exercise?
earnestly :: i wanted to come with you that night, she said earnestly.
p :: professor s m deen; dr p t kivell; mr k t mason
ventilation :: ventilation: a small mesh net at the rear of the inner.
join :: but first there are further instructions about how the passover is to be celebrated, who may join in, and where it is to take place.
suggest :: what would you suggest?
pencil :: if i hadn't snatched zee pencil
36 :: the 5ft 9in model and actress with a 38-23-36 figure said it made a change for women to be seen as tough and strong.
holland :: in the other group, kampong utrecht, who beat havant in last year's cup-winners cup final, compete against hgc, also from holland, rot-weiss munich and wks grunewald from poland.
grounds :: so you resign on medical grounds.
cepacia :: we suggest that guidelines to limit the acquisition of p cepacia should not be restricted to patients in hospital, and that intimate or frequent social contact is associated with a high risk of cross-infection.
music :: and it's awesome music.
responsibility :: in 1902 the county councils were given responsibility for the planning and provision of secondary education.
versus :: sequential versus random.
errands :: are there any errands i can do for you?
receive :: turkey was to receive ecu175,000,000 as an interest-free loan.
finally :: every clothier kept a horse or two, to carry his coal from the pit, to fetch home his wood and his provisions from the market, to take his yarn to the weavers, his cloth to the fulling-mill and finally to the cloth market to be sold.
quiet :: shall i ever know quiet again? peace?
stigma :: decisions in the first half of this century concentrated upon the tenants' use of property in a manner which could cast a stigma upon the address.
billy :: i certainly haven't invited him, but i had to give slender billy a score of tickets, so who knows who he might bring?
barkway :: on the crest of the chalk escarpment between therfield, reed and barkway, large rafts of chalk have been mapped on the ground after reference to aerial photographs: they were emplaced as a result of glaciotectonic action during the anglian glaciation.
claims :: the bank of england is directly controlled by the government, while the bundesbank claims independence.
softened :: simmer gently until apple has softened.
inches :: and getting to it can mean one man hauling himself through a two-foot tunnel for half an hour in six inches of water.
mostly :: they are all white, mostly with blonde or light-brown hair.
breathless :: he was dismissive, but he was slightly breathless too; there was awe in his voice.
radon :: the regions in the uk that have high radon levels in homes are cornwall, devon, derbyshire, northamptonshire and scotland.
waking :: even now there are a few people waking up in goroka hospital with only one arm, wishing they hadn't got between mr cassowary and his girl-friends.
blinkered :: i said you were blinkered, and it's true.
valid :: and say the other one isn't valid now.
upturn :: however we are not simply waiting for an upturn in the world economy.
overloaded :: there had once been a terrible accident with an overloaded launch, a lot of people drowned; she did not wish this to happen today.
jury :: it included 1 million for guarding the old bailey jury after the first jury was nobbled and the case had to be restarted.
controls :: he doesn't let it control him; he controls it.
lift :: breathless, i'll lift you
panther :: the children were introduced to a toy pink panther who, they were told, had caught the culprits but did not know who had committed which crime.
jelly :: oh, that's jelly out of a packet, said carrie, looking shocked.
dried :: 15g ( oz) dried morel mushrooms
draft :: a central committee draft law discussing the powers of the presidency of the party was also introduced at the plenum.
tr :: er, you see wh when i'm tr when i'm speaking in favour of today's women this is what i look at.
party :: she received an unexpected christmas bonus in the form of an invitation to join a royal house party at sandringham for a shooting weekend in february.
monuments :: his main hobby is to take derelict old buildings and convert them into habitable homes that are monuments to the conran design credo.
beginning :: i think the pills are beginning to work, she said.
passing :: sometimes there is a distinct gap between our birds leaving and others passing through.
ewen :: all those lies for ewen mackay before you'd even met him?
kurdish :: the following day zal met with us president bush at camp david, and he was thought to have briefed the us administration about the turkish government's recent talks with iraqi kurdish leaders in istanbul see above.
regional :: regional lead-lag analysis
unregistered :: the product must have been created before it can be used by this option, and must still be unregistered.
follow :: the tabular presentation of running costs and manpower information should follow the layout as presented in the 1989 public expenditure white paper.
huh :: and now these things huh?
device :: often referred to as a bit pad (although that is actually the trade name of a specific device) it can take one of two forms.
market :: translated into market terms, this means that the labour power capable of performing the process may be purchased more cheaply as dissociated elements than as a capacity integrated in a single worker (braverman, 1974, pp. 8182).
heaven :: heaven is high, high and remote to see from thence distinct each thing on earth.
spotted :: adventurer jack lammiman, 53, from whitby, yorks, was spotted in his 60ft boat by fishermen off the north scottish coast.
1,000 :: the first part of the route is marked by flags and leads to a gate in the wall at 1,000 feet.
regard :: he seems to have occupied the same position with regard to other royal servants in wales, men like john donne, hugh huntley and john milewater, who were associated with the duke on a commission of 6 january 1470 to enquire into rebellion in south wales.
westerners :: every day westerners flush away between 150 and 500 litres of water at home and more at work.
punishment :: if, in the age of the enlightenment, a transcendent religious authority no longer provides an objective sanction for men's deeds and a punishment of their misdeeds, and if a common belief in such an authority is no longer there to provide the theatre with a cultural-religious function and to give unity to its public, then that authority must be replaced by the voice of individual conscience.
invited :: he wouldn't go to wyvis hall now if adam invited him, if he went down on his bended knees.
potential :: this is in contrast to most potential anti-viral agents, whose action is usually restricted to only a few of the many different types of viral agents that cause disease.
stitch :: so we do a stitch-up?
piece :: if that happens to be on a piece, piece of paper and you want to keep your it might be a benefit to you later on.
goalkeeper :: and this fine goalkeeper improved as he went along.
busy :: it was a busy saturday.
trembling :: the old lady, her white hat with its red rose trembling, looked into the eyes of the old soldier, felipe freitas.
awareness :: to increase the public's awareness of this is a major purpose of this book.
feminine :: what's the feminine of charles?
workhouses :: it was clearly foreseen, though not stated, that these would be drawn mainly from the workhouses, either because the relatives of the dead could not pay for interment, or because they had not been notified of death.
refrain :: the services affected, described in sch 3, vata 1983 are: transfers and assignments of copyright, patents, licences, trademarks and similar rights; advertising services; services of consultants, engineers, consulting bureaux, lawyers, accountants and other similar services; data processing and provision of information (but excluding from this head any services relating to land); acceptance of any obligation to refrain from pursuing or exercising, in whole or part, any business activity; banking, financial and insurance services (including reinsurance, but not including the provision of safe deposit facilities); the supply of staff; the letting on hire of goods other than means of transport; and the services rendered by one person to another in procuring for the other any of the above services.
potassium :: the map for potassium shows potash feldspar both in the fine groundmass and as overgrowths on plagioclase.
justified :: if doubt is eventually justified, we were believing what clearly was not worth believing.
heaviest :: spurs are almost certain to avoid relegation but their heaviest home defeat was even harder for their fans to accept because they were 20 up after 13 minutes.
delays :: the result was long delays in settlement.
bread :: serve with crusty italian bread.
ie :: you will need to copy each of the patterns shown here on to your particular machine's system, ie 60 stitch sheet for singer 2310 and 2331, superba s48, white 1602 etc.
whip :: whip up this delicious sweet in five minutes and see hubby's eyes sparkle.
levels :: to follow up the concern in the white paper for the definition of levels of attainment, the government intend to introduce some kind of benchmark assessment, a point we made earlier, in an effort to improve standards.
queen :: the queen was about to go abroad for several weeks.
height :: i can work out by the height of where the hand was on my back that it was lorna !
audiences :: the audiences didn't appear to have the reservations of the critics.
71213 :: proceedings of the institution of civil engineers , vol. cxiv, pp. 36972; proceedings of the institution of mechanical engineers , 1893, pp. 2035; the times , 23 may 1893; engineering , vol. lv, pp. 71213.
company :: however, financial advice is not provided by the solicitors who are not registered under the financial services act but by a firm of insurance brokers, sedgwick, which has a contract with the company.
start :: i'm writing this at the start of the war in the gulf.
sphincterotomy :: twenty three (57.5%) patients underwent a sphincterotomy and four (10%) needle knofe papillotomy.
sm :: vicki whadcoat cc sm-b, tnb, ph 1 june 1989
affectionate :: she was a very affectionate child and every time i went to visit eric she held me very tight she was extraordinarily strong and kissed me.
sentences :: for myself, i am still haunted by those vowel sounds and those uniquely ungrammatical sentences only she could dream up!
greeting :: it is possible that the greeting was not all that one-sided.
behavior :: stories can mobilize us to action and affect our behavior more powerfully than simple and straightforward information ever can.
tallulah :: tallulah banks, banks something
e :: the three e 32 issues on which the board agreed to make substantive changes relate to inventories, research and development costs, and borrowing costs.
carlisle :: the jacobites still had a toehold in england at carlisle, which cumberland reached on 21 december, the day after the rest of the rebels recrossed the border into scotland.
stated :: another point concerning antigravity can be stated quite simply.
likes :: stuart isn't much use, to be honest, not because he doesn't enjoy shopping, but because he likes everything i try on.
loretta :: so he made a habit of it, loretta thought to herself.
northumberland :: duke of northumberland's archive (alnwick and middlesex) the percy family and its successors have been prominent in english history since the thirteenth century, firstly as earls, and later as dukes, of northumberland.
saloons :: the doors between end vestibules and saloons are now controlled by push buttons instead of floor sensors, but how do you press the button if both hands are carrying luggage or a tray meal from the buffet?
reasonable :: well for the birmingham branch it meant a reasonable sized job in cleaning up the bungalow.
astonished :: rab was astonished.
arm :: the arm, without its pressure, dislodged her reason.
elegant :: the scottish bluebell ( campanula rotundifolia ) is sometimes called the cuckoo's hood, a beautiful image for such an elegant flower.
confessing :: he's wonderful! she said and looked at the counsellor like someone confessing to her girlfriend that she has fallen in love.
stolen :: the heavy plaque was stolen from the war memorial in king's gardens, bootle, four weeks ago.
rules :: somebody called to suggest an amendment to the rules governing the sponsorship.
earth :: with her fingers busy and her mind occupied with the story it was late afternoon before the end of a tape brought leonora back to earth with a start.
squad :: in the old days, he and his brother josh had been in charge of the punishment squad.
toddler :: he embarked on a whistle-stop tour of mother and toddler groups, childcare facilities and a number of junior schools.
return :: of all transport policies, road pricing seems most likely to cause apoplexy everywhere, from the royal automobile club to the bar at the rover's return.
elections :: he instead wants parliamentary elections first.
relation :: in comparison, one's relation to riemenschneider's altar of the holy blood is a little passive: one waits and the shift of light will change its mood and meaning.
symbolic :: when lacan speaks of the other, he does not only mean the world of concrete others, but indicates an outside symbolic field of language which we are inserted into.
cross :: also slightly cross-eyed over those texts.
ibid :: for further explanation of the attitude of respect for law which is discussed below see raz ibid., ch. 13.
phocoenidae :: these are the true dolphins (family delphinidae), porpoises (family phocoenidae), and narwhals and their relatives (family monodontidae).
victim :: in short, i want to believe you are a victim.
options :: one question which has concerned psycholinguists for many years is why there exist in english (and in other languages) several alternative syntactic options (or paraphrases) for expressing essentially the same information.
prepared :: the data seems to support the first belief: of those who had had some experience of unemployment in the previous five years, 0.480 said they would be prepared to break the law, whereas only 0.300 of those who had no such experience were (a difference of 0.180).
youngest :: in just 2 weeks time, we'll know whether he'll become one of its youngest presidents; whether leckford road really can lead to the white house.
sagebrecht :: in ways more amenable to women's visual pleasure, off-beat films which then made it into the mainstream distribution circuit such as lianna (nelson/renzi), desert hearts , i've heard the mermaids singing (rozema) and percy adlon's work with marianne sagebrecht in baghdad caf and sugar baby have achieved a degree of success in changing the dynamics of female objectification and sexual fantasy in an entertainment setting.
stockmar :: stockmar's political views were sometimes absurd.
nuclear :: britain fights nuclear waste dumping ban
ruddock :: so ronny might still go for a trial at leeds he is no neil ruddock type; more of playing defender.
indecision :: this certainty had somehow emerged from her indecision.
fervently :: i believe that there is an authentic beauty in science and this is fervently avowed by many scientists.
tooltalk :: vxm has powertools for integrating tooltalk with pvm
conducted :: the emphasis was on surveys, but these were seldom conducted without any reference to other methods, and some of the most famous british work of this period, that done by the institute of community studies, used a combination of data-collection techniques.
housework :: do you do erm any housework at home?
homes :: the court of appeal held that foster parents of a child, scalded when she put her foot under hot running water, were not negligent.the majority view was that a parent should not be responsible for unforeseeable accidents of the type which occur in the best homes.
bothered :: well, i'm bothered! said peggy.
bordeaux :: to a large extent the areas nearest to the mediterranean were the most civilized, but there were cities further north with important cultural traditions, including lyons, bordeaux and autun, and there were other cities, including trier and paris, which had at times been the residences of emperors.
licence :: poetic licence, m'darlin'!
mess :: look at the mess he made making a cup of tea.
maccabeans :: as eisenman demonstrates, the legitimacy of the high priesthood of zadok or of the zadok was resuscitated by the maccabeans, the last dynasty of judiac kings, who ruled israel from the second century b.c. until herodian times and the roman occupation.
eliminated :: the refinery has effectively eliminated all its metal backlogs and is using improved service and faster lead times to win increased market shares.
unique :: world famous hypnotist in his unique comedy show
heaps :: they had the malt-sacks in there already, he saw, and heaps of oars, nearly as high as the tapestry.
comes :: as things stand at present, it would be very difficult for a bishop opposed to the new legislation to continue in office when that legislation comes into effect, he said.
discourse :: it is the goal of discourse.
funeral :: some organisations will combine planning a funeral and the cost.
leaders :: the aim of the quebec commission a 36-member panel of business, labour and community leaders in quebec was to recommend a new relationship between the 7,000,000-strong province and the federal government, a process which most observers believed would involve the holding of a referendum on the issue of secession similar to that which was defeated in 1980 see also p. 38092.
tack :: outlook: switching tack on plastic
easel :: no, it wouldn't have surprised me if he'd been at his easel while i was painting the town red!
rab :: rab said nothing.
latest :: just buy my latest bestseller, play tennis the phil king way
milton :: d'you mean wine, four and sixpence, women, one pound thirteen and fourpence and song, half a crown? asked milton.
creatures :: they are among the most remarkable creatures on earth.
charging :: but he was choking when he should be charging.
goose :: we don't want to give our golden goose a head-start.
mixtures :: in practice fractional distillation is normally used to separate multicomponent liquid mixtures into several fractions.
quigleys :: the quigleys live further out than us.
1926 :: by 1926, the stuffing had been knocked out of the mattress business and the factory closed.
reason :: many appeared to be visibly drunk at matches and were often thrown out by the police for this reason.
generous :: but he can be generous.
cmj :: as it's a little bit of all of this, the cmj might fairly be viewed as someone's idea of a sick joke.
broke :: in his introduction piero pazzi discusses some of the more piquant examples: in the aftermath of the second vatican council well-meaning but misguided parish priests broke up their own collections to help the poor.
mprp :: its name is mascinploxyrhanophyhaninide, or mprp for short.
cannes :: here in their own town of cannes as well.
herself :: she must encourage him to talk about the reason for his desire to change his lifestyle, and to join his uncle in this remote area, rather than try to question him herself.
sheets :: g. now all the ice sheets have melted but snow is common on the higher land in winter.
jewellery :: he had no jewellery.
care :: emily and me can take care of the shop; you have a rest while you can you look quite washed out.
irregular :: by the eighteenth century the older and rougher leathers had largely given way to finer products, often polished and patterned in a variety of ways, e.g. calf could be sprinkled (speckled by acid in a regular pattern), mottled (having an irregular all-over pattern, also produced by acid) or diced (having a pattern of diamond squares).
salt :: rice-salt oral rehydration therapy
throwing :: back home 2,000 fans greeted the news of the victory by throwing their hats into the air.
unsighted :: traditionally, labrador, retriever or german shepherds are trained to take unsighted people through the perils of city streets and enable them to live as near normal lives as possible.
exclaimed :: sad? they both exclaimed together.
cyclist :: i know the british heart foundation is a worthy cause and i'm a regular cyclist myself.
conceptual :: it is very tempting to suppose that the lack of any such reliable signals, and the perilously low level of security often reached in human communities, must be connected with a high level of conceptual and, in particular, predictive thought, and also an associated capacity for deceit.
database :: it thus covers all the products and services of the electronic publishing industry, including the online database services.
appointment :: an appointment is necessary.
twin :: the women's movement in northern ireland developed out of the twin oppression of class and imperialism.
drag :: i've had to actually drag it out of you.
modulation :: note the modulation of activity at the same frequency as the input intensity and the fact that the mean activity of the cell does not change.
gonzalez :: the spanish prime minister, felipe gonzalez, met hassan during a visit to morocco on may 21, 1989.
sats :: i mean when they when they do the sats
rostov :: rostov strained to gain the advantage.
connected :: the graph is connected if any two nodes in it are the ends of a path.
precision :: this would be so even if accountants were able to agree that profit is one certain figure which can be measured with precision.
adolescence :: which is adolescence.
version :: they vary in capacity from the hand held 2 litre version to the back-pack mounted 25 litre sprayer.
34-year :: last month, the 34-year-old american waved a fond farewell to the big-time, at the us open, in new york.
collection :: i would write a story on my new smith-corona; i would draw a host of painted women with my new complete collection of pentel pens.
69p :: by lunchtime on the 29th they had climbed back to 69p.
eyeing :: she won't need all that, said mike's mother, eyeing the bottles.
demanded :: and what do you think you're doing? she demanded frostily.
yakovlev :: a local priest told yakovlev that the komsomols were the most eager and confirmed communists, but then he had met no real ones to judge them by.
encouraged :: this has been used as an agenda item by the partnership, through which student participation has been encouraged as indeed the pupil setting and review of progress within the rae provides further stimulus to effective student involvement.
exploration :: i wrote some six months ago to lord stanley, volunteering the general exploration of the continent.
wrist :: he'd then take off his wrist watch and put it where he could see it as he talked.
electrolyte :: the conductivity of the unsaturated carbon-bearing samples (a3, a4) at near surface conditions was lower than that when saturated with electrolyte, as expected, but increased with the application of confining pressure (fig. 1 b ).
riddle :: a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma
feasibility :: to this end we had a feasibility study written by ken who is devon's community recycling network coordinator.
stewart :: by lucretia stewart.
bollards :: bollards are prone to sudden collapse, and the ropes often jam in the groove behind the capstan during retrieval.
zero :: the temperature was below zero.
christie :: by bryan christie, health correspondent
cowardly :: cowardly! he said .
25th :: at the request of nether wyresdale parish council i wrote to you on 25th may concerning the state of the railway embankment on station lane scorton and the mess left around the railway bridge on gubberford lane scorton.
nightclub :: the recording was made in a hamburg nightclub on a portable tape recorder by audience member edward w taylor.
37 :: he became the first australian leg-spinner since bill o'reilly against south africa in 1936-37 to claim five wickets in an innings at the mcg.
aims :: it aims to encourage young athletes from hong kong, china and scotland, who might not otherwise reach their full potential, by bringing them together through their respective amateur athletic associations.
passelewe :: the employment of clerks in the forest administration was anathema to the leaders of the english clergy: they successfully opposed passelewe's preferment beyond the archdeaconry of lewes.
gene :: but the set of atoms that is any one copy of a gene is not of permanent interest.
rsi :: mr david walker, ft managing editor, said that over 100 journalists, or nearly a third of the staff, had been referred to the company's medical department with possible rsi symptoms.
afterwards :: when a famous campaign is changed, it is still possible to carry out research on advertising recall for several years afterwards and find a substantial, sometimes even dominant, proportion of what is recalled being the old campaign.
kate :: kate cried for a week and couldn't really understand why, for she had resented his rages and his tyranny.
rubric :: under the rubric agency he said, at p. 972:
port :: today is a great day for everyone at vauxhall's ellesmere port plant.
tax :: sears' thriving property activities have partly offset a disappointing performance in shoes, specialist retailing areas like wallis and horne and a dire time in housebuilding to limit the decline in the group's half-year pre-tax profits to 10.4 per cent at 91.7m.
bearish :: also, company 1, by focusing on decreasing margins through time, rather than the fact that it is still earning better margins than a rival, may be bearish and let company 2 get established in the market too easily.
acceptance :: for us it is a symbol of acceptance, for from that day on nanny referred to shanti as my granddaughter and treated her exactly as she had always done the others.
devastating :: cyclone ofa, one of the most devastating to hit the western pacific region, struck western samoa on feb. 1, 1990, leaving seven people dead, 10,000 homeless and ws306,000,000-worth of damage.
names :: to take one of the books as an example, the surnames of oxfordshire by richard mckinley (london 1977), this deals in great detail with the names of a single shire (which includes an important and ancient city and university).
passed :: then the feeling passed, and she was the new jessamy again.
paintings :: this is a large exhibition with 135 paintings and 140 drawings and engravings.
twentieth :: some twenty years later, comden and green were also behind on the twentieth century (), whose book is not really in the same class as wonderful town , but which is quite magnificently preposterous.
afternoons :: morning winds may be light, but afternoons are usually brisk, with exciting open sea sailing in force 3 to 5 for many days each holiday let down by only the odd day of paddling!
statutory :: in my judgment, therefore, if there were a statutory provision that the decision of a visitor on the law applicable to internal disputes of a charity was to be final and conclusive, courts would have no jurisdiction to review the visitor's decision on the grounds of error of law made by the visitor within his jurisdiction (in the narrow sense).
unfortunately :: unfortunately i have to get home.
cranston :: cranston suddenly blinked.
bartlett :: by gerald bartlett
pleasure :: whatever pleasure it gives you cannot match the pleasure it gave me to buy this trinket for you.
lynn :: but not long after their relationship started, lynn got pregnant.
baltic :: signatories agreed to co-operate in protecting the environment of the eastern baltic sea, especially as regards rubbish disposal and storage of nuclear waste.
contract :: not to hold itself out as being entitled in any way whatsoever to contract on behalf of the publisher.
stupid :: he and his stupid little friends pretend to have dark secrets, contacts with the paramilitaries.
nineteen :: er that didn't draw any response from the county council, so in er december nineteen ninety two when er when the deposit draft came through er we sought a clear understanding of the county council position.
speak :: over the years haverford did his best to sound modest you might speak of me as one who has loved not wisely but too well.
beattie :: beattie argued that they should go out and present their case.
appetite :: various behaviours are used to induce a loss in weight and in addition to the obvious ones of the avoidance of foot and undereating, including binge eating, self-induced vomiting, laxative use and the use of other drugs (appetite suppressants and diuretics).
visual :: our study confirms the reliability and validity of the visual analogue scale in short term trials.
dubbingtons :: the dubbingtons case
secretary :: and that was no chairman, no secretary, no treasurer in the organization.
merchantmen :: despite her record of 25 merchantmen and 2 warships captured or sunk, she was no match for the escort vessels: the cruisers sydney, melbourne and minotaur, and the japanese battle-cruiser ibuki.
uphill :: her strong legs were capable of taking her clear of pursers on the level or going uphill.
outside :: it is least successful when it makes stereotypical assumptions about women: that they behave in certain ways because they are mothers, or because they don't work outside the home, for example.
sentencing :: the criminal fraternity knew that if he was shifting uncomfortably in his seat when sentencing time came, they were likely to get a ferocious sentence.
b. :: yeah, so it's two a b, two times a times b.
separated :: the dorsal arm plates are fan shaped and separated.
maryhill :: mrs. maria fyfe (glasgow, maryhill)
ear :: an ear for detail
pilkington :: england senior international referee fred howard has been appointed to referee the pilkington cup final between bath and the harlequins at twickenham on may 2.
tan :: i started lessons greener tan most
gouts :: human beings learnt to control fire about 100 000 years ago, causing gouts of smoke and carbon dioxide to be released into the atmosphere.
godwit :: the effect on wading birds has been dramatic, with numbers of lapwing, curlew, redshank, godwit and snipe falling dramatically over the past 10 years alone.
findings :: to what extent can these findings from the british civil service be generalised to other occupational groups?
according :: its speciality, according to miles, was the supply of improving texts to convents, which was supervised by a man called chris hill.
swedish :: the swedish government announced in mid-january that it would delay a promised phase-out of nuclear power until alternative energy sources became viable.
poised :: this confidence is also reflected in a report, retail round-up, by top brokers societe generale who reckon that clothing is poised for a rally.
looe :: thus he was to earn the gratitude of those who, on missing the looe train at liskeard, have hurried down the hill to catch up with it at coombe junction.
abruptly :: abruptly, jack found himself in darkness.
electoral :: constitutional referendum new electoral timetable
highway :: killington also boasts the east coast's largest fleet of snow-grooming vehicles which, in a single mid-winter night, groom the equivalent of seven interstate highway lanes from boston to killington.
relatives :: did the relatives from manchester arrive?
liquidity :: banks now have surplus liquidity.
alter :: the first thing you can alter is the gr's inbuilt chorus and reverb.
updated :: therefore, methods must be updated.
submerge :: if you do, it will submerge.
commons :: a major employment law committed report, launched at the house of commons, recommended legislation to outlaw discrimination on grounds of disability, while the mental health sub-committee organised an over-subscribed conference on community care.
consultation :: the government has described the proposals as a consultation document.
lost :: they just did not get lost, said pion.
comment :: this was in many cases brief and some departmental reports were skipped through with little comment being made.
heart :: but don't take it to heart if i don't follow your advice.
optical :: although abba is not restricted to any one medium, covering magnetic tape, vhs cassettes, optical disks and streamers, up till now, it has only been used in ibm corp mvs mainframe and siemens nixdorf informationssysteme ag bs2000 environments.
firms :: but how can land use planners reconcile this with the protection of the historic city with its scale and unique environment which is such a magnet to international service firms.
elmer :: but our judge might be able to guarantee this by making plain that he intends the new rule to govern all future cases, and that the exception for elmer was made possible only by the fact that no judge had laid down a similar rule before elmer committed his crime.
score :: he was also aware that he was clever, and rather enjoyed trying to bamboozle journalists who thought they might score off him.
stop :: i'm not trying to stop you going down jean do you know that now, don't you?
trivial :: these experiments may seem trivial, but they are not.
bargain :: in the spring, thomson, the largest tour operator, issued a bargain brochure, took full-page advertisements in the tabloid press and provoked banner headlines along the lines of have a holiday in spain for 59.
1500 :: over 1500 died.
problems :: you'd walk out on a job, because of personal problems?
frere :: mrs frere needs company, stimulus
slammed :: elizabeth slammed the kitchen door and dropped her bag.
minge :: oh look, hairy minge
dorrell :: these plans are designed to further the government's commitment to wider and deeper share ownership and to a successful sale of bt shares in 1993/4, said stephen dorrell, financial secretary to the treasury, told a seminar of stockbrokers and other financial intermediaries.
advertise :: tupperware doesn't advertise for staff all its demonstrators are recruited on personal recommendations.
ash :: get me ash
enjoy :: certainly, professional and managerial groups enjoy higher levels of consumption property, but the bulk of them fall well below the top 5 per cent who own 40 per cent of assets.
cascading :: campari was cascading silently over the rim of her glass, and dripping in a slow red trickle from the table to the patio.
dealer :: if you are putting money in to the stock market, there are other, rather more attractive, areas in which to invest, one dealer added.
functionally :: the activation potential of creb could be directly affected by atf1 or be a consequence of the ability of creb homodimers and creb/atf1 heterodimers to functionally interact with distinct target promoters.
gripped :: he gripped helen's hand.
springbok :: springbok tour kicks off without trouble
strand :: oligonucleotide duplexes indicated in the header of figure 7 were prepared as described above, they were either 32 p -5'-endlabelled in one strand (figure 7, lanes 1, 2, 7, 8, 13) or unlabelled (lanes 36, 912).
separate :: it doesn't say anything about it being separate.
bother :: the news did not seem to bother him unduly.
shed :: but witnesses later said they saw employees beating at least some of the birds to death, while the report found that the shed, which could properly hold only three birds, had been packed with 72.
test :: i'm going to test you on it hello?
chamber :: on several occasions since 1966 the commons have discussed whether television cameras should be admitted to their chamber.
snobbery :: colborne conceded that he was fighting a losing battle; a battle against the entire social structure within the palace and the snobbery and jealousy of the old guard that surrounded the prince.
satisfactory :: communications satisfactory to excellent
infarct :: infarct size, left ventricular function and prognosis
cpre :: like the m40, the cpre warns, those roads could become magnets for new villages, hotels and superstores and hasten the day when the oxfordshire countryside really is submerged under concrete and tyres.
allergies :: diseases of the heart and blood vessels, asthma and other allergies, gastric and duodenal ulcers, and kinds of arthritis all fall into this category.
anyone :: i thought if i did maths and physics, you know, i could possibly get into engineering, but i still didn't know very much about it and i didn't have very much encouragement from anyone at school or at home.
raining :: at least it's not raining.
mutually :: rather it represents a configuration of several different and mutually interlocking strands, in which substances appear as objects in an intersubjective context.
bowler :: he described james as of medium height, aged about thirty, dark, with a moustache, and wearing a scruffy frock coat and bowler hat.
desire :: she knew now how much she loved him and with felipe it was all desire.
et :: the first wave of reaction is described by clarke et al.
damning :: damning evidence indeed.
trailer :: i learned about trailer driving the hard way during a competition retrieve, when an enthusiastic crew member took us off the road with an eagle two-seater in the trailer.
arch :: only arch professionalism and a lack of clean underwear dragged me home after chicago.
runners :: furthermore, david mcharg, clerk of the course at kelso and other scottish tracks, said that when the transport allowances from the levy board were cut off it made no difference whatsoever to the number of runners.
cherry :: the cherry and whites have won 43 of them.
hospice :: the name ostrich is in all probability a corruption of hospice.
hay :: catching hay fever.
spider :: the spider-thing was close now.
analyze :: getting people to change their approach and expect that with training, expect to have to analyze what they what they thought they're going to get out of it, why they should be doing it.
separation :: if one of the parties contests the action, a separation of five years is necessary.
digital :: digital underground no nose job wacky hip-hop troupe protest against plastic surgery
ruth :: but ruth, the man should marry you!
resemblance :: we must ask how remote the resemblance can be to have selective value.
esteem :: it is not weight that is lost, but self-esteem.
tended :: he applauded those measures, such as lloyd george's budget of 1909, which tended to diminish social inequality, but attacked all moves to increase state centralization and control over the individual.
feet :: and you with the world at your feet now.
scrawl :: duncan read the scrawl, then passed it to myeloski.
via :: there should therefore be plenty of advice and practical help at a local level, via the social services departments and the medical profession.
speed :: icl is only announcing shipments of the 60mhz processor to start with a pragmatic response to the shortage of the high speed parts.
converted :: you know, and and the one we use for the shop, for the kitchen, is just a converted drinks machine, so it's massive.
prayer :: we interrupt your pleasure for a brief prayer, said midwinter; he bowed his head and so did everyone.
marie :: marie has been telling me about her.
brighton :: we do appreciate you steffi, for everything you have done over the years and for that special week in brighton.
temptation :: it just seemed too much of a gamble, he explained, and in fact the 22-year-old left-hander turned them down once before temptation overcame him.
confirmed :: the emergence of the marc project led bnb to opt for standard dc18 and confirmed the inclusion of dc numbers in both lc and bnb marc records.
regulate :: in the 1990s there will be a concerted move by professional bodies such as the british association for counselling and the british psychological society to regulate counselling and ensure that those who practise are both competent and qualified to do so.
ideology :: after the couple's victory this week yeo said: there is no room for political correctness or ideology in fostering.
carried :: it is interesting to compare these figures with the results of a survey of interim reporting carried out 10 years ago for the institute publication the role of interim accounts and preliminary profit announcements in financial reporting in the uk (1982).
dolgarrog :: he says, next time we have them to do at dolgarrog we'll send for you.
speculators :: because speculators in trade then know what ground to go upon.
rotated :: compatibility with existing phonographs did not matter, because dictation cylinders rotated at a different speed anyway.
coates :: the evidence for this is summarized by jennifer coates.
tend :: astronomers tend to always think the probability is high because they think there are so many sites on which life could develop, but the biologists take completely the opposite view, that there are so many evolutionary pathways that lead to biological dead ends, that this outweighs the number of sites on which life could develop.
few :: few had discussed contraception with their boyfriends.
anorexia :: psychological or physical trauma. although anorexia nervosa has been thought of as developing in the context of a perfect childhood, there is some evidence that psychological trauma may predispose to the disorder.
beliefs :: what, after all, could such consciousness be, other than the beliefs and desires of various individuals?
mix :: although gedge's voice was high in the mix, the basic brew was unmistakably wedding present, even if more genteel than what followed.
diligently :: i tried to picture what she must have been like, the young woman who had diligently allowed her life to fade away working at this solitary chore.
unable :: this makes up for some of the failings of the pancreas, but it leaves the diabetics reliant on an insulin supply, and unable to fine-tune the level of insulin in the way that a healthy pancreas would.
patents :: he has taken out patents for the process and for the chips.
felicity :: she turned to felicity.
hanger :: i'll go upstairs and get a coat hanger when you.
trivia :: i had been dealing with trivia but this was different.
infrequently :: parliamentary counsel in particular become weary of the criticism of their work by lawyers and non-lawyers, who do not appreciate the pressures under which they work and who not infrequently have little or no drafting experience.
bleeder :: he's been through it poor bleeder.
exterior :: she made herself a cathedral, not quite in the spirit of the exterior, but roomy enough.
chutes :: but at 300 feet they were too low for the reserve chutes to open.
enable :: a bill will be presented to enable applications for asylum in the united kingdom to be determined quickly and effectively, the queen told parliament in her speech on 6 may outlining the new government's policies.
uncle :: it's for my great-uncle.
wasted :: however i do not call that time wasted.
bronchoalveolar :: bronchoalveolar lavage has yielded alveolar lymphocytosis in up to 54% of patients with crohn's disease and this seems to be a persistant abnormality.
expenditure :: however, it may have extra meaning for gps operating the practice budget scheme if increased expenditure on drugs means that other items of expenditure, such as elective admission to hospital, are reduced.
startled :: he seemed startled by his wife speaking his name.
advantage :: like most electronic diaries, the portfolio's has no advantage beyond its alarm.
description :: the second man fitted the description i'd heard of her husband.
immediate :: the most immediate is what to do about the coal industry in the face of weak demand, uneconomic pits and fundamental disagreements between, on the one hand, the miners' union (num) together with much of the trade union movement, and on the other the national coal board (ncb) and the government.
thinking :: if we spend one or two minutes just thinking about whose responsibility is training?
stake :: well i should put a small stake or something in.
20.5 :: precious metals division's operating profits were virtually unchanged from last year at 20.5 million.
laughable :: out in the real world, if these things weren't so serious, they would indeed be laughable.
munitions :: she was dressed as a munitions worker, and when he switched on the light her hair had blazed under the dim bulb.
paris :: the paris show's clear champion was the urbane giovanni agnelli, attended by most of fiat's commissioned officers.
fell :: chang li fell to his knees, his head bent low.
illustrations :: since 1985, she has concentrated on children's book illustrations.
privileges :: there was no great difficulty as to privileges existing under the law of the two states principally concerned, but the question of privileges under the law of third states proved much more difficult.
y :: then the you have to have y how far the car has travelled,
lights :: this is stepping ahead to the next consideration of the lady of the hearth as she who lights and tends the fire.
courageously :: chelsea came back courageously.
communities :: in october 1990 the european communities announced the restoration of diplomatic relations with vietnam.
interconnect :: computerised telephone systems and front of house systems can be installed in any size hotel, and as well as impressing your guests, they will make life easier for you and your staff, as managing director of interconnect led, explains.
heads :: since some of what is in people's heads is taken from social science, there is a complication worth mentioning at the start.
flown :: practise formation flying began early june and by the 18th, rehearsals with a full complement of 12 aircraft were being flown over the norfolk countryside.
chives :: cream cheese and chives flavour.
obstacles :: however, while we all agreed such was necessary, we also acknowledged the political obstacles in our way.
bic :: but the butter information council (bic) has chosen to take a hard line.
bream :: bream stabbed mr foster, aged 24, so violently through the heart that the tip of the knife blade was bent against his spine.
useful :: they would be more effective and useful; and at the same time they could be employed to reflect a new approach to the balance of education for which i have argued.
infant :: no doubt you were imagining what you take to be my imaginings about gillian's vestments: a sable swirl out of boris godounov , colours by rimsky, light summer prints by the infant rossini, gay accessories by poulenc
printing :: gray's printing press in strabane is also open on saturday (2pm-4pm) to show how text was composed by hand using individual metal letters to make up each word.
alike :: in all the colleges there are regular services in which ordinands and staff alike are worshippers.
middlemarch :: is that middlemarch at the beginning, she did it in class
briers :: fourteen cricketers of considerable first-class experience formed mcc's team to tour the leeward islands for three weeks at the end of february, captained by nigel briers and managed by this correspondent.
lucar :: zincke was replaced by gen. jorge lucar, a hardliner.
detective :: one detective said: it is not an exaggeration to assume that during his career as many as a hundred women could have been abused by him using his evil methods.
showing :: a first showing on british networks.
positively :: china's initial response was that the speech could not be considered as a basis for talks because it has not at all relinquished the concept of the independence of tibet, but on sept. 23 disclosed an offer to hold direct negotiations to which the dalai lama responded positively.
maidstone :: franco put maidstone to bed.
convinced :: i am quite convinced that everyone we met there was each other's cousin.
coun :: but the recommendation was thrown out by an overwhelming majority, with only coun orwig and education committee chairman, coun handel morgan, voting to close the three schools.
introduced :: the pulse code modulated recorder, using either plastic or steel tape or wire as the recording medium, soon became known as the second generation type of fdr, and in due course the usa introduced american versions in some of their wide bodied jets and called them dfdrs digital flight data recorders.
alarmed :: do not be alarmed.
paper :: forged notes (done within 14 days of the first issue of paper money) were shown complete with various graphic devices to avoid, technically at least, the charge of forgery.
famous :: above one of william hole's illustrations for stevenson's dr jekyll and mr hyde, probably the most famous of all dream fictions.
uses :: there are so many kinds of charcoal, for so many different uses, for heating.
empress :: his hatred of the empress, whom he never forgave for producing a male heir and thus depriving him of the succession to the throne, together with his inveterate hostility to what he considered to be the reactionary powers, led him at times into very deep waters indeed.
amongst :: since the human species is distinguished from other animals by amongst other things the capacity to plan and execute the use of tools and produce its own means of life, it follows that such activity involves labour.
free :: for this i thank selina's duty-free perfumes and bath essences, the laundry-fresh tang of her clothes, the costly oiliness of her flesh and its smooth secretions.
unir :: the sole legal political party, the national union for independence and the revolution (union nationale pour l'independance et la revolution-unir), was set up by habre in 1984; in line with habre's national reconciliation policy, several former opponents of his regime were brought into the unir central committee when the membership of this body was expanded from 80 to 120 at the second unir national congress on nov. 23-26, 1988.
store :: will davies's boot and shoe store was open for business as usual and for a moment, eline hesitated on the threshold, wondering what she would say to will.
vague :: the lithuanian fa say they expect to arrive between 1.00 and 1.30 but they seem rather vague.
leaning :: he entered the room leaning forward, in a blundering awkward way.
yourself :: got yourself a new top?
sets :: squirrels are not treated literally as things in the outer world but as, firstly, parts of sets defined by such criteria as those that live in trees and, secondly, available for symbolic manipulation since they can be taken to stand for the very trees they live in.
nesting :: many ground-nesting birds employ a distraction display that draws an approaching predator away from the nest-site where vulnerable eggs or chicks are situated.
mordor :: it is perhaps fair to say that while the balances are maintained, we are on the whole more conscious of evil as an objective power and of good as a subjective impulse; mordor and the shadow are nearer and more visible than the valar or luck.
clue :: the first clue lies in the spelling.
crush :: give way to a crush,
raises :: lasmo raises 126.5 million from north sea disposals
consultant :: their research, led by d john hunter, consultant gastroenterologist, revealed the connection between diet and irritable bowel syndrome(ibs).
expensive :: electron microscopy may improve identification but it is not widely available, is expensive, and is limited by the need for specially fixed tissues when generally only formalin fixed tissues are available.
al :: on june 18 shamir continued his efforts to appear committed to the peace process, proposing in an interview with the egyptian magazine mayyu to invite president hafez al-assad of syria to visit jerusalem for peace talks, and declaring his willingness to talk to any elected arab representative from the west bank or gaza (but not jerusalem).
fry :: her mother was at the stove and she didn't turn round to ascertain who had entered the room but said, i'm just doing a fry.
induce :: he has the power to induce guilt by opening up our private lives for inspection, but by transforming pain and fear into illness, he can also absolve us.
improve :: it can take a while for a couple to recognise that this situation exists and even longer to learn how to improve it.
discussing :: over the last six years i have been closely involved with the institute of linguists community interpreting project, coordinated by ann coresellis whose paper this afternoon will be discussing the emergence and future of the profession of community interpreting.
gemayel :: former president (until 1988) amin gemayel returned from exile on a short visit at the beginning of august, to contribute to this debate.
tapes :: twenty fucking tapes.
carers :: the scheme began with six carers in 1984; this had become 49 by the spring of 1988.
ave :: can we bring ours up and 'ave it with you?
plate :: see plate 2.
focused :: its major axis is the central visual ray, cvr, the centre line along which the eye is focused.
countervision :: traces of this countervision of the company can be found embedded in the legal materials.
nature :: depending on the nature of the local vegetation, they may subsist almost entirely on grasses, or on the leafy branches of douglas fir.
states :: we get some disks from the states once a month, that are in wordperfect
drawer :: every drawer turned inside out,
pupil :: educational expenditure is often expressed in terms of the amount spent per pupil or student.
tamsin :: tamsin tosses her head.
affects :: at the end of the day i don't think it affects everyday life in darlington.
openness :: eric antonis, director of antwerp 93, the city's current celebration, has met this xenophobia head-on: he has made the city's openness to the world the festival's main theme.
solidarity :: the solidarity of community at this level was very different to the unavoidable communality of the village poor.
conditioned :: he observed the introspection and its richness of imagination with a certain alarm; benson looking into himself and finding there, as ramsey put it, a huge world of fantasy, which caused him distress and yet conditioned his affection for the human race.
happily :: i am always surprised that clubs will happily buy an expensive tractor to pull gliders back, but will not provide aids to make it all less strenuous and time-consuming.
actor :: barton does investigate the actor's work in a more contemporary way and the book is based on the tv series of the same name.
weeds :: instead of scurrying away to hide in the weeds, the ducks came back.
peirce :: we cannot, as peirce would hope, hold science at arm's length and attempt to justify its procedures unless, that is, we can frame an a priori conception of reality of the sort peirce offers.
facilities :: these characteristics include quality of water supply, toilet facilities and electricity.
constraints :: but the wheels of bureaucracy take time to run, and british winter weather is rarely kind to fliers, while seaplanes have the additional disadvantage of needing several ground-crew and suitable tides as well as suffering all the constraints of more conventional land aircraft.
below :: below: engine detail.
salary :: salary job history screen
respect :: for this reason, soldiers on yet another emergency tour in ulster with the 1st battalion the royal scots approach their frequent foot patrols with perhaps an extra edge of caution and respect.
slice :: remove the pimentos from the can and slice them.
461 :: so popular government was more or less firmly established from 461 bc until it was finally swept away by the macedonian conquerors in 322 bc, to be replaced by the kind of restricted franchise which its opponents had always preferred.
pound :: i doubt whether there'll be penny in the pound.
appears :: this appears to be closely related to whether we share the observed characteristic or not.
physical :: enough of all this physical stuff, i thought.
paved :: they say it's paved with gold.
prevailing :: with hindsight it seems that the prevailing structures of police practice will remain as powerful as ever, for at a conference on policing at bristol university (1988), the newly retired sir kenneth admitted that police culture had defeated many of his attempts to bring a new ethic to the managerial style during his reign as commissioner of the metropolis.
fashion :: but the direction of fashion is not currently decided by the great tailors, no matter how well they cut their cloth.
asia :: aens does not restrict its news coverage to religious news, but also carries articles and features on matters of fundamental human concern in asia.
molineux :: united won the game at molineux in the first half.
marginal :: they may yet have a marginal impact on the projected two-hour general strike, planned for next monday, but by then it may already be too late to matter.
gettin :: i'm off now, you're not gettin' me, i've to say.
harbour :: its activities have led to one boat being badly damaged by a french warship, another rammed by the us navy while trying to interrupt a missile test, and one sunk in harbour by french agents.
unemployment :: they did so in the face of widespread steel closures, rising unemployment, and knowledge about their poor prospects of re-employment, or they had had enough of work and felt they deserved a rest.
examination :: close examination of the film shows that he took off well before it; he was not under pressure and had no apparent reason to panic.
occurs :: however, you may remember from your pricing work that profit maximisation occurs when the marginal revenues in each market are equal to each other, and equal to the marginal cost of production.
fruit :: most of it is fresh fruit and veg.
competition :: in the case of competition by the complementary oligonucleotide we can see the formation of a new double stranded species at the bottom of the gel (fig. 3, lane 5).
contrast :: it is very difficult to provide identical conditions for the measurement of six different forms of instruction, therefore it is not entirely surprising to see that baldwin and rudolph found, in contrast to kuo's results, when comparing a tape/slide show and a library tour, that the former was not necessarily superior as a method of instruction.
orders :: this prohibition applies to all proceedings under s34 including applications to vary or discharge existing orders.
dart :: the poison is so effective that a single dart can kill a monkey in seconds.
submarine :: blackett later wrote that probably the anti-submarine campaign in 1943 was waged under closer scientific control than any other campaign in the history of the british armed forces.
odds :: after sunderland, the other second division team in the last four, had beaten norwich 10 at hillsborough in yesterday's second semi-final, liverpool were made odds-on favourites to lift the cup, with portsmouth 61 outsiders.
tidal :: besides, in tidal freshwater during the spring, phosphorus can have the opposite effect, limiting the growth of some types of phytoplankton.
foreman :: i could see the foreman now!
failures :: the privatisation programme has also had its failures.
disgrace :: that's a disgrace.
dilapidated :: his boots were dilapidated.
angle :: and that little cross sometimes it's a little hole on the corner on the angle itself.
aigburth :: aigburth crashed against prescot odyssey, spinner andy mccomb doing the damage with 534.
tranquil :: hard to believe this tranquil place,
play :: did madeley play left-back in that game?
queried :: you gave away our pig bucket, queried den.
considerably :: the note embarrassed her considerably, although she suspected, even while she read it, that it was a dream.
bees :: common ground is concerned about the decline in old orchards, which grow traditional varieties of fruit, provide habitats for bees, grazing for sheep, geese and pigs and create beautiful landscapes; their exhibition encourages people to grow their own fruit trees, and plant larger orchards for the community.
d'/ :: if r' d/ s - d f - d' - (1 + r n ) ( ta; dn/ r n ) , increases, while if r' d'/ s - d f - d' - (1 + r n ) (d n /r n ) , decreases.
promising :: by careful husbandry, venables rebuilt the side with signings such as solid defender neil ruddock and promising forward darren anderton.
thin :: above twenty-third street the buildings began to thin out.
diving :: a schedule 6 mixed gas diving bell.
whispered :: oh, god, how i fear him, he whispered.
fences :: work began on april 6 to dismantle fences along the bulgaria-yugoslavia border.
booker :: no theatre booker in the land is going to take them.
editor :: letter to the city editor: implications of starting a trust
van :: the van was empty but he made a note of the number and it checks.
nicola :: nicola would almost certainly have persuaded her, not because emily was weak, but because nicola usually wanted things so much more than emily did not want them.
occasional :: he encourages risk-taking and tolerates the occasional consequential mistake.
attack :: a student was cleared yesterday of an attack on a young clacton woman.
archimedean :: alternatively, truncating the vertexes will produce the archimedean solids.
partner :: men in general bring in higher wages than women so a family with a male partner will almost always have a higher family income than a family of a lone woman.
polls :: those saying they would definitely vote number 82 per cent of the total sample and probably account for most of those who will actually go to the polls during today.
lorna :: by lorna bourke
zach :: what'll you do, zach? asked carrie.
liquid :: why, mam, he says, his voice liquid molasses, i don't believe i've ever met a real woman as purty as you.
councillor :: the policies are starting to work, as we've already heard from councillor .
regulations :: regulations over smoke, grit, dust and fume emissions will also be tightened.
overall :: a general guide, for any amount you might borrow, says that the shorter the loan you have, the higher are your monthly repayments and the less that you repay overall.
temperance :: the brigade claimed that it could offer both the spirit and the purpose because it disciplines and controls our lads tames flippancy, quells impertinence, promotes chivalry, encourages reverence, teaches ready obedience to all properly constituted authority, and insists upon pure and clean english and temperance in all things.
boss :: what this means is that the taking of leisure is self-defeating; the fact that one is one's own boss adds to, rather than subtracts from, the psychological pressures to do housework.
laughed :: both women laughed.
density :: the density matrix is defined as the density matrix is a weighted average over atomic variables over which we have no knowledge or control.
spiral :: the montgomerie family finances continued on their downwards spiral until, in 1925, they were so low that the contents of eglinton castle had to be auctioned off, including the suit of armour bought by the 13th earl for the tournament.
enchantment :: she vanquishes the wizard by keeping her wits, by resisting his enchantment.
chapel :: these, however, could not be held regularly, and it was not until 1874 that regular services were held in st. mary's cemetery chapel, cambridge street, but these were still not satisfactory.
medeva :: a serious problem for medeva is that it is too small to maintain a research programme of its own.
shadows :: as he left the underground car park, the driver of the black mercedes parked in the shadows of a driveway opposite pulled out into the road, and followed the golf corbio at a safe distance.
basic :: something more basic than that.
roller :: and your your roller, that would all be shipped from down south as well was it?
rna :: tcr - genes are rearranged and their rna has been detected before tcr- gene rearrangement in the fetal thymus.
harm :: indeed, dr tony underwood of the university of sydney suggests that to control the crown of thorns starfish could, in the end, do more harm to the reef than good.
carefully :: the challenge set out in the introduction to our report, the first page, it was very carefully written, is to build a new trade unionism on a model to fit this new world.
1985 :: (1985, p. 4)
training :: the training of probation officers could continue and be included in the certificate of qualification in social work and the diploma in social work courses, but if these do not measure up to required standards, they will be replaced with anew training syllabus put out to tender in the educational market place.
mckenzie :: debbie mckenzie mother
s.t :: programme = s.t jde 22/10/93
slide :: i slide the rod-rest slowly into the sand, making sure it is positioned to that i can sit comfortably with the butt of the rod in my right hand and the tip pointing at the roots.
poweropen :: the version unveiled at the poweropen roll-out (ux no 427), used att-backed start-up echo logic inc's binary-to-binary translation of the 680x0 into native powerpc code.
cry :: she looked ready to cry or to run away.
educated :: although only 6 per cent of children are educated in them, they exert considerable power, because the social elite are amongst those educated there and they in turn become successful in industry and business.
obersturmfuhrer :: in fact, she was rather taken with the obersturmfuhrer, who wasn't at all what she'd expected.
stephen :: stephen sanders, 24, of roseberry crescent, great ayton, middl esbrough, admitted failing to produce driving licence, failing to produce insurance and test certificate and using motor van with defective lights, fined 90 plus 20 costs.
red :: she returned to her car, and drove back to the red house.
seriously :: the war has seriously affected the morale of teachers and the conditions in which they have to work.
enthralled :: one major american corporation became so enthralled by the spell of its spreadsheet model that it lost touch with reality and some 80m disappeared!
degrees :: balling claims that the overall contribution from desertification caused by human activity is around 0.013 degrees per year, but admits that it can only be a significant factor for about 15 per cent of the earth's surface.
notion :: one concern is the effect of the rule on the notion of parliamentary intention.
truancy :: encouraging all parents to see the dangers of condoned truancy by describing pupil time off school in easily understood and immediate terms, for example in terms of work missed (eg 20 english lessons and 20 maths lessons) rather than as a poor attendance rate (eg 60%).
asset :: paradigm is its first product with an asset management package likely to follow.
editions :: any suggestion because i think the jury would be interested particularly with the dates on them, but even if there aren't compare the figures in different editions
guides :: maps and guides
brutal :: is it not the case that as long as saddam hussein rules that country as long as that brutal and murderous despot continues in power there will be absolutely no solution for people in that unhappy state?
killin :: there is the timber to pay there is nobody working from here to killin.
avuncular :: with a beaming smile and an avuncular pat on the arm, he added, i'm real glad for you, lass.
rations :: they've stopped your rations.
presidents :: including those who served more than once, how many us presidents were there before george bush?
motherfucker :: apparently encouraged by the crowd's response, flav takes matters one step further, inventing a new call and response game wittily entitled, hey motherfucker .
douglas :: mr. douglas hogg
charity :: she said the iranian government had always disclaimed responsibility for khordad 15, said to be a religious charity.
countries :: although the body was to be an ec organ it was also intended to open its membership to efta countries.
functional :: but it is comfortable, functional and good value.
seconds :: a few seconds later there was a loud explosion in a hedgerow just off the road, a short distance away.
success :: herbicide success was related to the way the seed-bed was prepared.
paranoia :: this may all sound like an advanced case of paranoia but it's actually just a simple precaution which doesn't hurt anyone.
suggested :: this suggested that certain foods, especially greens, contained a gizzard antierosion factor.
beneficial :: there is much evidence from a recent survey that that is beneficial to schools and pupils.
sites :: two of the three main dam sites are highly controversial.
westminster :: the casualties were detained at the westminster hospital where the woman was being treated for back injuries and the men for shock.
appointed :: vice-president gonzalo aguirre ramrez had joined in the demands for the dismissal of braga, who was subsequently appointed president of the banco de la repblica.
vermilion :: how to avoid becoming fat after 30 will be one of the issues addressed by she's food correspondent janette marshall, who is also co-author of the bestselling eat for life diet (vermilion, 8.99).
became :: when you began to think about them they became enigmatic.
ter :: all we need is the ready money ter lay down ter secure the site an' the weekly rent.
parlance :: whether from shame or fear of the all-pervasive mukhabarat security police, people are reluctant to talk of the four civilians in maan who were killed - they do not use the word martyred as would palestinians on the west bank of the river during the sorrowful events as they are known in official parlance.
tests :: erm, cos then, they're doing tests to see if she has got it, but it's highly, highly likely that she has.
fitzormonde :: red hand likes fitzormonde.
thursday :: the public consultation period ends on thursday.
square :: yeah and we want to go to square one don't we?
smiths :: the fans of the smiths seem to be in the foreground before the band themselves.
harden :: thomas cockburn, a berwickshire freeholder, was an active member of the interest of hugh scott, younger of harden, the member of parliament for the county of berwick, and he presented scott with a number of alternatives.
alfred :: and now, alfred dear, please go.
testing :: testing the cogelow angle
uncomfortable :: i mean we're talking as if these young women who feel uncomfortable erm are feeling uncomfortable because of something that's objectively in the
explain :: whether or not this picture is a stereotype, it is clearly one which is frequently used to explain why labour productivity in japanese industry is so high.
pile :: no wonder there were pile-ups on the autobahn.
1983 :: in 1983 she found an answer albeit the wrong one to all her problems.
radar :: the woman's sixth sense, or whatever radar she operated by, had homed straight in and the deal had been made without hassle.
wha :: erm wha what's that day th it doesn't really matter.
safety :: hickson take pride in their ability to solve technical problems quickly while maintaining the highest safety standards.
writings :: writings on art
internal :: for instance, if the terms provide that the supplier shall bear the cost of connecting the goods to the electricity, gas, water and other services who is reponsible for connecting the goods to the telephone network, or to the buyer's internal computer network?
projects :: in november 1982 the scheme was announced, in september 1983 projects were started with 14 leas, in september 1984 a further 48 leas joined, in september 1985 another 12, whilst for 1989, 28 more are under consideration at that stage over 90% of all leas will be participating.
aviation :: aviation accords and financial assistance programmes were signed between the two states.
fart :: orders are orders, and i don't give a rat's fart about mumbling monks, icy roads or cold journeys.
exercise :: we shall see, for instance, that it is the modes of exercise and performance that are more likely to give this protection than dramatic playing, unless, as we shall see, the dramatic playing is projected .
easy :: harriet's drawing room, the equivalent of rose cottage's humbler living room situated in the front of the building, was furnished with a mixture of modern comfortable easy chairs and several nice old pieces, a victorian roll-top desk and a little regency card table among them.
1848 :: salkeld v. johnson (1848) 2 exch. 256
pale :: he looked pale and, 1 thought, tired and rather lost.
6,000 :: plus 6,000 worth of videos
rain :: rain fell for days and nights.
colonial :: although some senior staff officers were from the old dutch colonial army the leaders of the fighting formations were almost all ex- peta and ex-bkr.
transfers :: we will always take your personal and domestic circumstances, and those of your colleagues, into account when deciding on transfers.
xxx :: we will pay you for your services as outlined in paragraph 2 above a fee of xxx (xxx xxx xxx pounds).
-ine :: subsequently -yne replaced -ine and in the liege rules of 1930 -ine is exclusively reserved for nitrogen bases.
center :: as executive jets and smaller piston-engined aircraft fly the final approach to teterborough's runways, the twin towers of the world trade center in manhattan are only five miles away.
situations :: initial nervousness and insecurity when faced with unfamiliar surroundings and situations.
poetry :: there is so much of keats that he admired his pugnacity, his social concern, his gusto, his direct presentation of the moment's phases of mind and moods of temperament that one becomes aware of the impress of thomas's own mind and experience through his comments on keats: because he was then in the midst of his greatest period, and had to find vent for the pressure of poetry within him, he had to live away from fanny brawne, at shanklin and winchester: had he been near her long, at this time, love and poetry together, not to speak of the hateful literary chit-chat of hampstead, would have been insupportable.
existed :: the months and years that followed saw the establishment of a much more substantial soviet presence in afghanistan than any that had previously existed, including political and economic links as well as a growing military commitment.
transcatheter :: stable catheterisation of the splenic artery near the ostium was not possible, precluding transcatheter embolisation of the feeding artery.
alpes :: mdecin resigned as mayor of nice and as alpes-maritimes council president in an open letter sent from osaka in japan, where he was on an official visit.
bambridge :: his plan, with the apparent co-operation of the heiress and owner of the papers, was to write a life of rudyard kipling q.v., but he unwisely signed a contract with her (mrs bambridge) which gave her sole control over the book as a condition of full access to the family papers.
tenth :: in fact, silverstone had sunk to ninth or tenth in the world league table, which is why improvements are necessary.
mishandled :: however, we need to reserve, against his conclusion, this other possibility at least: that the pioneers' intention to establish the manufacturing society as a separate entity was strategically right, but structurally mishandled; while the consumer movement's perception of the place of production in the co-operative scheme was a strategic mistake, most successfully carried out.
rushed :: we rushed out to the aircraft and got ready for the scramble which never came.
books :: education is one element of my books, he says.
shells :: the enemy was using big weapons, shells or missiles, defries couldn't tell which.
tyrant :: jacko in tyrant's palace
budget :: and if you're thinking of doing several improvement projects in your home, natwest can arrange one loan to cover all of them and monthly repayments will be fixed throughout the term of the loan so you'll always be able to budget for the cost.
jordan :: the former option, turning the jordan into a salt-water river, would have completely destroyed the existing ecosystem.
grist :: in addition, a grist mill was now definitely in existence, having been built, or possibly rebuilt, during the 1780s.
constitutes :: finally they do not generally consider that its use constitutes any threat to them.
pioneers :: his red-shirted young pioneers burned down the church's printing press.
11.5p :: waitrose 69p for six (11.5p each): the most home-made looking of all, with nicely browned pastry.
demonstration :: a demonstration was held outside the hospital after it was first suggested the units might close, but now the protestors must wait until next year to see what happens.
maisonettes :: er well i don't know, isn't that, they're maisonettes, they've got that big eye on the front i don't i don't know if you, i don't know if it's still there, i mean
stammered :: i don't know, henry stammered.
insufficient :: she demanded strong representation for scotland, suggesting that 24 seats for the entire uk were insufficient.
gopak :: four new tables received from gopak cost two hundred and eighty five pounds.
balanced :: it was a balanced system in which the best use was made of a poor environment and which safeguarded the long-term interest of the communities which occupied it, at the level of which the land was capable.
signed :: it is morally certain that a number of persons signed confessions to crimes of which they were innocent.
attitude :: what's your attitude to this doug character?
vanity :: and partly, too, it's been a sort of indulging in wicked vanity about myself.
wednesday :: this wednesday was for women in business, computers and design, but no one seemed to care.
sampling :: that could hardly be called sampling the capital's restaurants!
mutual :: the mutual help system
careful :: for god's sake, eloise be careful.
elected :: the first bundestag was elected on 14 august 1949, and the first west german government led by konrad adenauer as chancellor took office on 7 september 1949.
cottages :: but i was thinking of the ones you see in cottages.
anglo :: the sets of annals known collectively as the anglo-saxon chronicle are major texts for pre-conquest history, and it is particularly unfortunate that their entries for cnut's reign are both uninformative and (after 1023) increasingly sparse.
seventy :: he set up the koetser foundation in zurich in order to acquire old masters and donated seventy works to it.
variable :: before proceeding to the discussion of pull-out torque/speed characteristics for the variable-reluctance motor, we must pause to consider in more detail the effects of neglecting the harmonics of phase current.
sale :: he hinted, at least, that he might be prepared to table a government amendment on report to cover the possibility of making the sale price known.
screened :: many of the tables were screened from one another, and staggered over different levels.
herbert :: the scale of herbert's power in wales made his removal a major set-back to royal influence there, as was indicated by the immediate flare-up of trouble in the north and west of the region.
gravenor :: professor r b gravenor
confusion :: i could sense alec's confusion, too.
scriptural :: certainly, among extreme ulster unionists we continue to find a discourse of anticatholicism which employs scriptural apocalyptic images which one suspects would be more readily comprehensible to late sixteenth- or seventeenth-century audiences than they are to most twentieth-century ones.
opposed :: a particular issue was the application by a local hospital for nhs trust status for which see p. 38500, which was opposed even by the conservative candidate.
actively :: fine arts brass has always been actively involved in educational projects, and as well as coaching students, is involved in a nationwide series of schools concerts under the banner legal and general concert for children, which has recently bee expanded to include concerts in schools for the deaf.
wide :: even at the time the study group that was planning the establishment of the committee for arts and social studies met in april 1965 there were proposals waiting to be processed in business studies, languages, sociology, psychology, administration, economics, law and combined subjects, with business studies leading the field in both honours and ordinary degree course proposals by a wide margin.
letters :: here, debbie's put together a sample of points raised in some of those letters we've received.
conquered :: i've, i've been through death and i've conquered death.
officially :: they signed and the war was officially over, the peace had begun.
watched :: so you see i watched that.
former :: of the former there were 80, and of the latter 450 specimens, including about 150 species, many of which are new to the european collections
sleep :: he smiled in his sleep.
transferred :: instead, 20-year-old alison was transferred by ambulance to a specialist plastic surgery unit 60 miles away.
external :: thus john locke distinguishes between reflection, the mind's turning inward upon itself, and sensation, the source of our ideas of external objects.
29.50 :: the one-way ticket thus cost me 29.50.
lay :: and nothing but darkness lay ahead of them.
mixed :: i have mixed feelings.
nonconformists :: one speaker warned the liberal party leadership that nonconformists were not mere hewers of wood and drawers of water
influence :: on the economic and social history of the period its influence was also enormous.
routes :: before going on to look at re-entry and back to nursing courses in detail i would like to consider alternative routes of re-entry available to you first.
rest :: those bound for australia or new zealand by air will find themselves re-fuelling here at least, and it makes sense to stop and rest.
penalties :: the worst aspect of all, however, is the way in which poll tax penalties have been carried forward and retained in this council tax bill.
dominated :: while the cpsu dominated soviet politics it did not have to worry about majorities in the supreme soviet.
sq :: area: 1,098,581 sq km (incl. inland water).
strippers :: two male strippers and a clubgoer were arrested in a swoop by police at a liverpool nightclub.
bounds :: sarah's pride in her daughter knew no bounds.
drafting :: so in your drafting books please.
commercial :: but some advocates of public service broadcasting citing the bbc as an example opposed the commercial logic advertising would entail: competition between the two state channels might be healthy professionally, it would be pernicious otherwise ratings wars, lowering of standards, especially during prime time.
clyde :: the first ferries across the clyde in the early 19th century were large rowing boats, but after a tragic sinking, the first steam ferries were introduced by the clyde trust in 1865.
agree :: will you agree that we do that, rather than have the same thing coming up time after time.
illumination :: light: moderate or good illumination.
recognised :: usually, they have been recognised in the context of our early years in the family, since this is their dominant source during a period of particular dependence, and because later childhood is the age at which officially recorded criminality is at its greatest.
industry :: it is also intended to help finance small ventures, and the eib grants global loans to intermediary financial institutions, such as finance for industry in the uk, which on-lend the funds for suitable projects after prior approval from the eib.
inflated :: scrupulous analysers of elections might argue that the proportion of free presbyterians in these contests was artificially inflated by the election pact with vanguard.
sectors :: it also broke the dam for other sectors.
firing :: guns were firing from both sides across the harbour and also from ships.
unnatural :: erm er i don't know, i mean maybe it would be like it would be like you give a fairly sort of neutral statement and you have the adjectives at the end of the scale give indicate the responses like y'know something like how do you feel about homosexuality and you could have sort of y'know erm natural to unnatural or something like that erm
quick :: how about a quick cup of tea while i shower? said lindsey.
pointed :: with toes pointed, raise the leg a fraction higher 20 times, holding each raise for 1 second.
militia :: the responsibilities of the lord lieutenant for raising the militia only disappeared in 1921.
winter :: the top growth dies down completely in winter.
conrad :: is that what sir conrad said to you, sir?
georges :: and up on the screen came the familiar images: young women water-skiing past the saint-georges, farmers in the bekaa, the great cedar trees of bsharre.
meeting :: the rovers directors will be meeting this weekend in an attempt to end the dilemma over whether the club's england under-21 goalkeeper nigel martyn really is bound for crystal palace.
distinctions :: currently, however, distinctions between initial and inservice training are becoming more difficult to recognise, as new alternative patterns evolve through the use of sandwich courses, internship schemes and multimedia courses.
nations :: aid programmes which aim to increase production in developing nations have contributed to the problem.
motivation :: now i would suggest that that is the prime motivation
1973 :: they are faster to search than binary trees (fredkin, 1960; knuth, 1973), and for this particular application it is apparent that a 26-way tree would be the most efficient structure in order to take full advantage of the alphabet.
citizen :: a qualified person was defined by section 14(7) as a local authority in the united kingdom or a british citizen resident and domiciled in the united kingdom, and a qualified company as a company incorporated and having its principal place of business in the united kingdom, with at least 75 per cent.
fully :: however, mr graham said the secretaries of state for energy and the environment would be fully aware of how many objections had been received concerning the scheme more than 7,000.
suffering :: they were all suffering very badly from the cold.
wrenched :: as a result, he was taken completely by surprise when twelve stone of lean muscle powered into him at snake-like speed and wrenched the gun aside, the shot slamming into a very surprised froebe, who staggered back, the impact of his body cracking one of the windows.
underlie :: it seems that this latter development may potentially underlie the subsequent promotion of acid resistant lineages (gastric metaplasia) because the non-resistant oesophageal stem cells (or possibly also the stem cells of the submucosal oesophageal glands) are either damaged or die, whereas others which have the ability to redifferentiate to a mucin secreting phenotype survive.
roles :: this will have profound implications for established roles and relationships, and the development of people with talent to fill the roles.
afford :: we couldn't afford to drink!
pyke :: he told me that pyke's private life wasn't a desert of austere and puritanical practices.
planning :: all it takes is a little forward-planning.
impecunious :: the district was painfully aware that it could ill-afford his loss, but because of its continuing impecunious position it recognised his services could not be retained.
bob :: yeah we know that, i've already told bob that.
ica :: the ica considered the proposal to be desirable in principle, but acknowledged that the cost implications could be significant for sole practitioners.
marvels :: a tale from the land of marvels!
mirroring :: they stay on stage to watch the play, with petruchio's manipulation of katherine very obviously mirroring the tricks they are playing on poor sly.
swamp :: the accident occurred in a level swamp area five miles east of goose bay airport.
tissue :: rnase protection analysis with a probe spanning this region detected two partially protected fragments which were not present in rna from vascular tissue and only found in rna from visceral tissue.
managing :: st william's has presented itself as a prime mover and so it falls to st william's to work out how to express itself as a managing agent.
28 :: in his speech, on 28 april 1939, hitler provided the following catalogue of achievements which, in the view of most ordinary germans, could only be taken as a breathtaking list of personal successes:
protruding :: it contains the sentence: looking down you see the bloody head of a harpoon protruding from your stomach.
woodworker :: you may remember that in the december issue of woodworker last year i wrote about john makepeace's new venture, hooke park college.
rocks :: i sat up at the counter and ordered scotch on the rocks.
issues :: only by being more actively involved in identifying issues, organizing action, and thereby helping themselves by fighting for their own rights, can older people hope to improve matters.
honoured :: last january a federal judge dismissed those assessments of market value as preposterous, but honoured testimony that hoelzer had salvaged the work from the trash and restored the panels in good faith.
offender :: why was such a dangerous practice allowed to continue with the chance that the offender might never have been caught?
minsky :: we are returning, by another route, to minsky's suggestion that the evolutionary role of consciousness has been to give access to modules or levels, otherwise inaccessible, so as to debug, reprogram or retrain them.
clamped :: flavia clamped down on herself.
rude :: well, one thing's for sure if people are rude about her, she makes sure she gives as good as she gets.
epson :: epson's ritech technology seeks to smooth out the jaggies, which ought to give a much higher quality print.
zambia :: nevertheless, the independence of the mass media elsewhere has declined: newspapers which had formerly been privately owned either disappeared or were taken over in, among other places, ghana, ivory coast, zambia, cameroon and malawi.
creole :: in a non-patois situation, no use of creole would normally be appropriate.
disadvantaged :: in the case of the land-user, implicit discount rates tend to be very high, particularly for the disadvantaged.
backwards :: jackie collected union funds whenever the meagre wages permitted, joy prentice came to work every monday with a swollen lip or a black eye, the wheel kept turning and the machines rattled backwards and forwards, backwards and forwards.
examine :: the project's second aim is to examine the connections between family life and social achievement through a family-based study of social mobility.
apologies :: my apologies for not being able to reach you earlier or in person.
horrible :: it'd still be there when they were all dead, grinning at everyone with its horrible eyeless stare.
rakovsky :: viktor rakovsky had made a sketch of the scene; he would finish it later.
persons :: (8) the text of the tender advertisement must be cleared with the quotations department if the offer is made on the london stock exchange but otherwise with the panel and copies of the final text must be given to both at the same time as they are given to the newspapers. (9) the number of shares offered for (when aggregated with the existing holdings of shares and rights over shares of the buyer and persons acting by agreement or understanding with him within the meaning of the sars) must not amount to 30 per cent or more of the voting rights of the company.
cars :: they're all made by big cars.
methods :: all of the ea transgenic mouse strains contained intact copies of the transgene construct, as shown by southern blot analysis (data not shown, see materials and methods), and were probably integrated in tandem.
gigantic :: how splendid it would be to walk into this classroom with a gigantic spray-gun in my hands and start pumping it.
borland :: it expects to leverage off borland japan and is looking for additional japanese distributors.
effort :: it would be a reward for effort.
presents :: when the microcosm presents an experience of the macrocosm, it is dramatic indeed.
vmebus :: the system connects to any ms-dos personal computer or sun microsystems inc workstation via an sbus or vmebus.
ministers :: after letters to and from ministers, and having asked parliamentary questions, we estimate that, if scotland yields 8.3 per cent.
doc :: on one occasion doc macdonald did.
respondent :: each respondent was asked to select a project of which he had detailed knowledge and that had been completed within the previous two years.
rochester :: a sort of, a triangular if you like you start off with one position, represented by rochester, which is, too much passion, uncontrollable passion
decorate :: he brought in italian plasterers, who were working at lumley castle, to decorate his ceilings, and built a wide shallow staircase with elaborate vanbrughian railings.
losing :: in the world seniors he fared little better, losing to a nondescript american, who then made his exit in the next round.
german :: some british officials muhammad reza a weak playboy hand in glove with the german legation.
realized :: but i realized i was different from the brazilians, and that was when i started to rediscover my own identity.
consular :: the service of judicial documents is a well-recognised consular function.
broad :: on the day after the debate, saturday, 19th february, habitans in sicco wrote to the times from what he called broad phylactery, to ridicule the classical attitudes of the opposition, and said that he had lived in a broad sanctuary house for three years and found that it possessed all the comforts and conveniences of any house in london.
female :: if the female is ready to spawn she will follow him to the nest.
arrangement :: on an open ward, the best arrangement for patients at risk is to have one area designated for their observation and management.
ward :: in a newly refurbished children's ward in the withers block, debris had fallen on a father who was nursing his baby daughter.
calverton :: calverton colliery is to close in just over two weeks' time.
propositions :: he then claims these propositions for the implicit extension of legal conventions; that is, he claims them for law on his conception and so denies any gap in the law.
morse :: oh no, morse.
seemed :: all around the smoking room, gentlemen seemed to be standing in clusters laughing and clapping each other on the shoulder.
diet :: it is important for people with hiv to try and keep as healthy as possible as it is known that a balanced diet, rest and relaxation can help to strengthen the immune system.
merger :: tate lyle began talks with berisford, another british sugar company, about a possible merger.
documents :: and at the moment for all douglas grice knows his insurance policy documents are worthless.
proposed :: what is now proposed?
wranglers :: these wranglers are good for horse riding in other words, plenty of bum room!
galloway :: liberal democrat robert maclennan formerly labour and briefly sdp leader in 198788, looks unassailable with more than 50 per cent of the vote. 3.22 am, galloway and upper nithsdale: tactical voting in the historic counties of kirkcudbrightshire and wigtown could cost the scottish secretary, ian lang his seat.
cricketer :: the 2nd xi and young cricketer competitions are also featured, as well as the pre-season tour of zimbabwe.
1421 :: a flash of hope after the unexpected success at bauge in 1421; but cravant and, in particular, verneuil put paid to hopes of a quick revival.
worse :: but the longer you leave it the worse your chances are going to get .
joy :: of course we all need sufficient to live on and it is hard to be joyful if those basic needs are not met but, however trite it may sound, there is much joy to be found in a spring day, the expression on a baby's face or the touch of a loved one's hand.
paint :: ah well that was a varnish paint.
bibliographic :: 3.1.2 bibliographic searching.
unsightly :: there is already a highly unsightly quarry here, whose disgraceful bulldozed track and workings can be seen from every hill in the area, as well as by every tourist arriving in aberfeldy.
xpds :: piss on your xpds, i croak, and give me a swig of that fizzy water fast or i'll disintegrate messily all over your in-tray.
partial :: from 1650 onwards, in partial imitation of hobbes, a variety of authors managed in their different ways to transform the biblical thesis that civilization reflects a decline from a pristine state of grace into a cynical doctrine which declares that the observed condition of man in society has been superimposed by social restraints or cultural conditioning upon a pre-human condition of animality in which man was a solitary brute devoid of any kind of natural humanity.
thick :: it's fully five layers thick.
italy :: on average this is about 33 per cent, although it ranges up to about 60 per cent in the case of italy, and is over 40 per cent for britain, france and the united states.
various :: it simply endeavoured to survey the field of new testament studies and to assess the value of various theories proposed.
teased :: jordan teased, laughing.
teach :: perhaps they could teach those in power something about the correct use of force.
lukes :: we pray for fr donal cahill, alexander johnson, john lavery, marie grant, joyce clarke, joan wright, ann mcguckin, joe baron, katy murphy, james ackroyd, peter ackroyd, davina hughes, lynn webb, doris irwin, andy lukes, david kardus, and john tweddle.
committed :: we may want to make the point that if we are to be committed to doing something about the global warming of the ozone layer then we will need to say when we will do it by.
52 :: ici's maternity provisions include 52 weeks' flexible leave ( ie the proportion taken before and after the birth is up to the mother).
input :: erm, when you start testing, you shouldn't input the real numbers, to start with.
7s :: the capital's textile workers, predominantly in silk, earned 10s 6d (52p) compared with 7s 6d (37p), while her craftsmen in wood and metal earned 12s (60p), bettering their country cousins by 3s (15p).
pop :: being a pop star means never being alone
metaphor :: to mix the metaphor, western trade has been a sedative, not a tonic; it has acted as a brake on reform, not a stimulant.
dislodge :: indeed, on the occasion one is fortunate enough to meet a great butler, far from experiencing any sceptical urge to demand a test, one is at a loss to imagine any situation which could ever dislodge a professionalism borne with such authority.
tromethamine :: tromethamine, a potent organic buffer, restoring the ph of blood and body fluids to near normal levels.
kissed :: we we knew ronny'd be back soon, it was near the half-hour, so we tidied up and i kissed her and gave her a hug
furniture :: it may seem strange to start by describing the best method of removing old finishes, but there is probably more work done on renovating old furniture and existing woodwork than on new wood.
subsidy :: such business must carry a subsidy of some sort and the research seeks to evaluate it.
robinson :: when he went to fort robinson in nebraska to try and conduct peace talks, he knew he'd be killed, says lee.
dublin :: well that depends on the result of wednesday's big game in dublin.
easier :: their unpicking of our trade union law reforms, which would deliberately make strikes easier, longer and more frequent, their support for every last dot and comma of the european commission's social action programme, just one directive of which could add 5 billion to the costs of british employers
gabriel :: bathsheba would not have minded being spoken to angrily by gabriel for her thoughtlessness, if only he had told her he loved her.
measured :: how is noise actually measured?
cnaa :: the cnaa was establishing its own organizational shapes.
pair :: she found a pair of nail scissors and cut the stitches.
doubt :: can you doubt it?
match :: she liked to look at the visitors as they arrived and try to match them with the patients.
hi :: hi you're not ready yet!
robyn :: he glanced at robyn and winked.
aside :: the flute faltered, the flute player stepped aside and indicated to her the place between himself and the hollow-cheeked man with the guitar.
scheme :: her scheme of things in my judgment is likely to offer better continuity of care and thus more rapport between paul and his carers and a better opportunity for one carer to hand on the necessary skills with paul's equipment to any successor.
ensure :: the interviewer uses a checklist to ensure that specific areas are covered, requesting explanations or introducing new topics as necessary.
adam :: having been approached by adam boreel, who with john dury and samuel hartlib qq.v. in england hoped to persuade a learned jew to translate the mishnah (the hebraic core of the talmud) into latin, isaac abendana arrived in oxford on 3 june 1662 and presented himself to edward pococke q.v. and other prominent hebraists there.
polluting :: electric cars may be more polluting
martin :: tommy johnson needed the hand of god to evade nigel martin in goal.
reader :: even this second edition fails to make it clear to at least one twentieth-century reader why polybius should be relevant to the cause of one-year parliaments.
versed :: his published sermons reveal a man who was well versed in the bible rather than in classical learning, with a clear and direct message to his audience.
discontent :: fiction arises here out of a lively discontent with systems and systematisers.
ashok :: if smears from the far right were predictable, the campaign trail theme, echoed in the liberal democrats' campaign against ashok kumar in langbaurgh, that taylor was not a local man, was not.
antarctica :: france takes a green lead on antarctica's fate
requires :: and so, according to todd, not only is variation in family types an interesting further element of the cultural mosaic, it is also linked to other aspects of that mosaic; as such, it requires understanding, as a part of the whole and not just as a thing in its own right.
immediately :: a study by military experts was immediately set in motion.
doorway :: lisa stood in the bedroom doorway and watched her go.
logic :: when presented in this way the proposed merger appears to be based on clear industrial logic, although it was considered by some to be partly a defensive move on the part of the companies involved (especially imperial, which was hoping that, by increasing its own size, it would help to reduce the chance of an unwanted takeover from a third party).
territorial :: there is, of course, no such difficulty if the evidence sought, though owned by a foreign corporation, is physically located within the territorial jurisdiction of the united states.
hawke :: this week parliament gave his policy its strong support, and most australians are with mr hawke too.
58 :: the figures for manual groups are 43 and 58 respectively (opcs, 1990, p. 80; see also victor, 1991).
beforehand :: i said i think we're gonna have to start still doing what we said, erm, getting the money beforehand i think.
driver :: the vehicle cannot carry more than 9 people (including the driver)
remain :: collimore will remain a threat from the corner he has just won.
jaw :: our competition and opposition in moose jaw was the resident staff writer of the regina leader-post who managed his paper's local bureau.
3,000 :: in three years, the district, which includes the catavi mine, has lost over 2,500 of the original 3,000 workers.
waving :: a witness had seen him in deep water, shouting and waving for help.
dou :: what are you're dou if you've got to think about it you may there are obviously some questions in your mind.
glenn :: but as glenn hoddle is so keen to remind us, this is only half time.
distinction :: however, men sometimes used this distinction to avoid thinking how to satisfy their partner physically as well as mentally.
palace :: moreover should you persuade them to attend a local rally or the crystal palace reunion they will immediately reap the benefit of obtaining their tickets at a reduced rate.
phonological :: in language teaching we are, naturally, mainly concerned with the first, speech, along with its phonological accompaniments.
violeta :: the crisis placed an unprecedented strain on the fragile and tacit pact by which the sandinistas backed the efforts of president violeta chamorro de barrios to promote national reconciliation in return for their continued control of the army and police force.
thousand :: like nicholle, nicholle's over a couple of thousand saved for a car.
science :: institutionally this is reflected in the growing fields of educational research, management sciences, organisation studies and communication studies where the contributions from relevant human science disciplines are directed to understanding one area of human life.
andrewes :: andrewes can pray as no
clouds :: he stared out to sea, but he could see nothing only the white tops of the great black waves, and the black clouds above.
autonomous :: indeed, it is, for many, a major adjustment since the prevailing medical culture suggests that, once doctors acquire consultant status, they are self-contained, autonomous individuals accountable to no one other than their patients.
benevolent :: as such, it is normally a benevolent deity; and, indeed, is perceived as such in much of the myth and literature of the solar cults.
attending :: virginia bottomley, who was attending the centre's official opening, was urged to speak to the prime minister to ask him to intervene.
works :: let's tackle it as you've done before, you know, this, this was safe, this was good, we know it works.
shreeves :: it's a calculated decision for everyone involved, but paul could play in that game, said tottenham manager peter shreeves.
wimpey :: further cost-cutting at wimpey saw the workforce cut by another 10 per cent last year, taking uk numbers down to 10,300 employees, from 14,500 three years ago.
ships :: digital equipment corp has previewed the rdb 6.0 version of its relational database, saying that at 6,643 per tpsa on an alpha axp dec 7000 model 610, it is the first production database to go below 7,000 per tpsa; it ships december.
attractions :: other attractions for the line include:
eh :: one or two maybe, eh?
charged :: real local feeling is in their favour and such issues should not be decided at emotionally charged public meetings, they say.
resolved :: chairman murray has yet to comment publicly on the situation, but the roker staff clearly want the issue resolved quickly.
intend :: i intend, during my year of office, to get out and meet the people.
19,000 :: over 19,000 people have worked for delta for more than 10 years and over 11,300 people have been with us for over 20 years.
hyperpepsinogenaemia :: hyperpepsinogenaemia a has been shown in patients with duodenal ulcer disease, zollinger-ellison syndrome, hypertrophic gastropathy, chronic renal failure, and during omeprazole treatment.
rejected :: others rejected it as nonsense.
phetam :: and that led me the think of phetam, and to wonder again if it really did confer super-powers.
goldwyn :: in the early 1920s, when the industry was increasingly the preserve of the studios, goldwyn found himself an outsider, an independent producer in competition with the majors.
mouth :: yes! he said deeply, and then his mouth closed over hers, burningly sensual as his hands moved slowly up to tunnel into her thick black hair, and as her mouth opened beneath his the hunger swept them both again, their breathing quickening as the kiss took fire and his mouth was fierce, hot, demanding, his hands moving over her body as she heard his heart thudding violently at his chest, and she knew she was in danger of losing her mind with the sweet, hot rush of excitement.
1671 :: after his release the fairly lucrative office of secretary and clerk of the signet in wales and the marches was bestowed upon him in october 1671.
z :: the z vector contains variables on both labour market tightness and personal characteristics.
bjelland :: as babes guitarist and vocalist kat bjelland says, all the best music is angry, and the electric guitar can make the angriest music.
hoped :: while thorne hoped that russia would now turn to the war with increased resolve, the north branch moved to the 1918 bsp conference
teachers :: the starting point will be that teachers should know what will be expected of them.
michael :: soon he would be out of the way and he, michael, could get on with his life.
lethargic :: any impairment of consciousness from being drowsy and lethargic to total unconsciousness.
sow :: often, when the sow lies down, it squashes sheltering piglets and suffocates them.
polymer :: the fibre and polymer sector of rhne-poulenc is investing ffr120m (12m) in its adipic acid plant at chalamp, france.
murderous :: the murderous gruncher, who has gobbled up so many thousands of us minpins, has gone for ever!
eastenders :: then she said come on downstairs, eastenders is on, so we went down and then i was all right.
jericho :: jesus was on his way to jerusalem and had reached jericho.
reports :: some of the more sensational reports claimed that misrati had used his attractive young daughter to gain access to information.
memory :: the memory subsystem is a high bandwidth design offering 200 mbyte/second data transfer and capable of addressing 8mb to 256mb of memory.
serving :: learning to be content is the great secret of life, for every aspect of our jobs, however boring, can become fulfilling when we work at them wholeheartedly, as serving christ.
scarlet :: the same air, the same scarlet announcements, the huge sea flecked with sunlight, the same insistent mountain, the same child climbing slowly, the years like rocks above him in the ubiquitous sun.
washed :: the blood gets washed away in the morning so there's no evidence to suggest a crime ever took place.
resume :: you hear outside a sound resume
months :: the reviewer has only been in office for eight months but so far has not had cause to uphold a single application for a review.
sept :: the budget for 1992 was presented to parliament on sept. 30.
pratap :: on jan. 1 bhanu pratap singh resigned as governor of karnataka and was replaced by khurshid alam khan, governor of goa, who also remained in the latter post.
shadow :: the question of his metropolitan privileges will require separate discussion, for they cast a long shadow over the whole of anselm's life as archbishop.
dancy :: when he started at marlborough 20 years ago, the art department was almost non-existent, a situation the then headmaster, john dancy, devoutly wished to reverse.
dennis :: with the cash to match my pretensions i'd have been a menace for our dennis.
reduced :: with the last action of the match ferguson reduced the deficit when he headed powerfully past bonner, but celtic were not to be denied a deserved victory.
1984 :: sykes trophy winner 1984
steps :: the above steps will, i hope, help to make it a little easier.
albert :: uncle albert nodded.
strip :: on the landing-stage below the moebius strip a dozen people were standing, sitting, lounging, arguing, drinking.
teeth :: the cops think i'm the right build and they suspect gorilla man wears a wig and false moustache sometimes and maybe false teeth too.
shades :: west v islam shades imperceptibly into west v east.
eventually :: perhaps it is not so surprising, since tony bowran learnt his craft from the practitioners of the finest photographic advertising images of the 70's, and like the painters of previous years that he so admires and draws great inspiration from, they too had apprentices who eventually became masters in their own time.
ceiling :: mr kronweiser stared at the ceiling in creative agony for a space, and then, neatly scoring through the word validity, he substituted authenticity.
martha :: during his convalescence he was nursed by martha freeman, who converted him to catholicism.
colin :: colin walter, goldsmiths college, university of london.
walking :: on the other hand, something like walking past a building site in the summer in shorts is much easier now that i've lost weight.
iiia :: several more specific approaches to reduction of platelet aggregation are currently being explored eg, thromboxane synthase inhibitors, antagonists of serotonin and endoperoxide receptors, monoclonal antibodies against the platelet gpiib/iiia receptor, arginine-glycine-aspartic acid (rgd) -containing peptides derived from viper venoms, and small synthetic rgd-containing peptides.
festival :: the cumberland square, delightfully performed by a group of schoolchildren in chelmsford yesterday, is just one of the many outdoor events organised as part of this week's chelmsford cathedral festival.
comfortable :: the results of this type of work have always been less dramatic than people are comfortable with.
heritage :: earlier, the environmental improvements introduced by the business including lower stocking densities and reduced use of chemicals were praised by jim munford, marine adviser for scottish natural heritage.
church :: moral corruption began with eve and the church's attitude to passionate love was entirely hostile.
nigel :: wednesday striker nigel jemson could be on his way back to former club nottingham forest.
priorities :: on the foundation of these other priorities rests our called ministry teaching, preaching or counselling etc.
waves :: it was as if he had touched a nerve, sending tiny shock waves running through her.
alive :: i wish you were dead and my dad was alive.
alboreto :: italian michele alboreto will drive for the scuderia-italia formula one team next season.
philosophically :: otherness philosophically speaking: roger scruton
cut :: under the tories, britain's aid budget has been cut to its lowest ever.
metal :: five minutes later the platoon commander and the weapons artificer are studying the bits of broken and twisted metal.
pretend :: i suggested that he should ask where marie was, then pretend he'd left something in the cab and come out and tell me.
compare :: twenty years ago, and then compare it with what words are used today.
untrustworthy :: these untrustworthy impressions were both unconscious and instinctive.
deeply :: a stravinsky versus strauss controversy also surrounded newman's head, with supporters of the russian composer challenging his views by suggesting that stravinsky had penetrated more deeply into the human mind than had strauss.
items :: the length of the text is usually about the same as that of texts used for multiple-choice reading items.
racial :: malcolm had been told to expect a prison sentence, but the judge took pity on him, saying that he had been provoked by racial abuse from drunken louts.
juniper :: minutes of a meeting of the juniper green village association held in the village hall on tuesday 25th february at 7.30 p.m.
processes :: processes must be flexible and will probably demand high levels of skill.
theresa :: in her small workroom on the top floor of a crumbling old warehouse in whitechapel theresa arnold shivered and turned on another bar of her portable gas fire.
ibm :: respect for the individual implies equal opportunity for women and minorities and ibm has set some good examples.
plunge :: to root them out and plunge them coldly in
multi :: baricol is a high barrier, multi-layer plastic packaging material which began life in the bridgwater research laboratories.
uncertain :: precisely how the minoan merchants carried on their trade is uncertain.
across :: how much better it would be to let them keep their existing sna networks and pass other traffic across them.
crook :: i'm not a crook!
kill :: if he ever hit her with that, he would probably kill her.
poured :: cathy poured him a glass of water.
instance :: in grasses, for instance, it's not the ovule that is dispersed by the billions on the wind, it is the pollen.
hood :: did anyone ask why the o r t system in nottingham is going parallel with the er robin hood line er once out of the city?
bank :: the lock-manufacturer fixed the combination, and he has told the bank manager.
pinning :: some of the extreme cases (such as the yorkshire miners who would strike unless electricity were connected to their village) did reach the public eye, and it became clear that citrine was not fooling when he said there were many equally damaging examples for which the chairmen would insist on pinning the blame where it belonged on government.
labour :: to protect its younger members the tuc had to sacrifice the economic freedom of working pensioners, while through beveridge's rationalizing, the state retained a flexible reserve army of labour in the younger elderly.
agreed :: the presidents of the six republics formerly comprising yugoslavia agreed to work to restore their economic links.
coherent :: the efficient use and planning in a coherent, coordinated and balanced way of all our energy resources is essential in the long-term, to safeguard in the long-term, the energy needs of our nation for ourselves and our children.
mohair :: wore panstick wore mohair
swept :: a magical, wonderful evening had ended on the highest of notes, tony thought, as he was swept along towards the doors.
songs :: she says: we emigrated to australia when i was eight but i returned to england seven years ago to write songs and met keith.
horseman :: and another horseman passed by who was all in black his cloak, his horse, and his reins; and night fell again.
peats :: he stretched out a foot to the fire, stirring the peats.
headline :: a year ago it would have made headline news.
listed :: your local branch of age concern is listed in the phone book under age concern, or old people's welfare.
thrse :: thrse looked at the pale lonie.
200,000 :: 200,000 payout: cash for public in misconduct claims
string :: the challenge is to find the right string for your game.
fudge :: oh hello fudge!
possessions :: according to popular, male mythology the worldly, urban woman was continually demanding more material possessions and, if she did not get them, might desert her man.
medieval :: they create an image which seems more appropriate to the medieval black death.
oceans :: in particular, his idea that the depths of the sea were lifeless was shown to be false with the deep-sea dredges begun in connection with the laying of telegraph cables beneath the oceans.
graham :: but graham is so brave and full of life, you have to keep on believing that someone, somewhere will be able to help him.
aquiline :: aquiline, i've never heard of it .
thanks :: thanks very much .
persistent :: mr clarke believes the crackdown will deal with a hardcore of persistent offenders who can clock up scores of crimes before they reach their teens.
thoughts :: or do her thoughts travel
ftse :: ftse up 24
ragged :: she drew a ragged breath.
legged :: she listened in silence to the story of lou's visit, seated straight-backed and cross-legged on the floor.
liberty :: next i took the liberty of calling on his daughter, mrs. carolan.
aiders :: within the first-aiders and the, and obviously to try and try and drive it to them on that issue.
demise :: fax paper: a new newspaper, delivered by fax, will fill the gap caused by the demise of the afternoon daily in auckland, new zealand.
steal :: the recession has allowed smaller, light footed direct-marketing companies like dell and elonex to steal market share and brand loyalty from overpriced ibm and compaq.
appeal :: court of appeal
beautiful :: so i love all of that it's beautiful.
index :: the hundred shares index closed up seventeen point seven at two eight seven eight point seven
cytogeneticist :: a vacancy has arisen for a clinical cytogeneticist (grade b) in this laboratory, which provides a diagnostic service for south east scotland.
media :: the freedom and diversity of the media in nigeria taken as a whole has been guaranteed in a rather unexpected way.
presented :: some of the shields, spears, fetishistic objects and lion's-teeth necklaces she has been presented with on her travels are displayed.
turning/. :: by that time the prop had stopped turning/.
grants :: by january 1315 he was a knight of the royal household and in the next two years he received various grants of lands, wardships, and money.
italian :: a nigerian priest who was first admitted to an italian hospital with a fever.
socket :: it supports microsoft's tcp/ip windows socket transport api, as well as a window planner and plane mask support.
evaluation :: the system also provides the course evaluation officer with assistance in sampling and in questionnaire distribution.
certain :: its year-only contracts look certain to cut the throats of mobile phone dealers who need to tie in new subscribers for up to four years to make the arrangement pay but should, ford believes, give it a 200 million business by 1995.
sat :: she saw in her mind the woman who sat in the same seat day after day.
romanesque :: the entrance barbican has a romanesque doorway and window openings.
frustrated :: the past few years have been poor snow years for frustrated skiers.
tired :: she was tired.
tenant :: under (c) an accused will be guilty of theft (provided all the other ingredients of theft are satisfied) if he, the tenant, hacks out an adams fireplace for whatever purpose.
affairs :: a third party may of course make diplomatic representations or bring pressure to bear upon a state to perform what it perceives to be that state's treaty obligations with another state, although such action is likely to be resented as unwarranted interference in external affairs.
leapt :: at ten o'clock one morning one of my cats leapt on my face.
corrupt :: added to this, mps and ministers have in a special degree the conviction that central government knows best and that any devolution from london must mean giving powers to authorities that are poorer, weaker, slower, perhaps corrupt, perhaps more reactionary (for labour members) or perhaps more reckless with public funds (for conservative members).
chariots :: later on, when wafts of sulphurous fumes from the volcano still so frequent that their chariots were constantly on the move, despite having their wheels chocked with stones.
bark :: rae imagined the fear in her sunless face as she scrambled up the rough bark.
shenanigans :: result: even worse defeat, culminating in the degradation of last year's 60-pointer by australia and the shenanigans that followed at the post-match dinner.
pet :: it was very satisfactory and the two girls went to helen's flat to celebrate with a drink and discuss the possibility of doing work for the pet shop in seabourne.
career :: his ancestors had been persian tutors at the red fort; today, dr jaffery pursued exactly the same career in zakir hussain college on the margins of old delhi.
houses :: i escaped from my cot, my house, friends houses, parties, schools, everything.
consist :: they consist of twenty letters, two m's, two u's, two t's, two s's, two n's, two o's, two e's, two c's, two i's, two d's.
exceeded :: leas have tended to set targets which, when reached, cannot be exceeded in the year in question.
covered :: the winner jim huey (10) covered the front nine with a steady 18pts, but an excellent homeward run in which he birdied 14 and 18 gave him 23pts and an excellent total of 41pts.
master :: he stopped, glanced at his master and then bounded back to him.
ashamed :: racing's top brass should be ashamed of themselves.
pitta :: low calorie first-course options include tzatziki (yoghurt and cucumber) with a little pitta (125 calories a pitta!) or a greek salad.
rate :: firstly, improved police efficiency will affect the rate of recorded crime.
importantly :: first, and most importantly, i went out of my mind.
shares :: at one time this year the shares touched 664p.
logged :: down times and system incidents will be logged by the facilities management operator in a diary kept in the computer room.
aroused :: (often labelled aesthetic object) given by what is common to subjective states of mind aroused in individuals of any particular community by the artifact.
imitate :: surely a person walking while asleep will imitate normal events?
bcma :: what the bcma does
covering :: the exe vale group served a largely rural area covering 2,000 square miles with a population of 600,000.
combinations :: these millions were ready for new forms of fun, or at least new combinations of familiar and proven elements.
victor :: victor didn't like men.
l'oral :: we recommend l'oral's diacolour and redken's new shades eq.
complex :: often, this is more complex than it first appears.
ideologies :: language as an expression of ideologies and a component of conflict.
consequences :: it is possible as a matter of deduction to gain some insight into the likely consequences of cuts in the basic rates of tax.
topic :: when you're trying to custom fit each solo to the mood of the track, how much attention do you pay to the lyrical topic that dave mustaine is addressing, and his approach to it emotionally?
11.3 :: the within assay variation ranged from 4.6% to 11.5% and the between assay variation from 11.3% to 26.1%.
guessed :: and maybe he's guessed i'll put you onto him, or that you'll just work it out for yourselves, so he's settling old scores while he can, before they're warned, too.
variously :: thus, reagan's early successes can be variously accounted for.
nobler :: it might be thought that the clerk of the council has a nobler sound than director-general, for example.
construction :: america has embarked on a project for a vast superconducting super collider, under construction south of dallas (see page 112).
trading :: in september, when lloyd's announced record profits of 650m for its market's last completed trading period, murray lawrence, lloyd's chairman, said that the financial capacity to accept insurance business next year would be the same as this year's 11bn.
p. :: in draft form it had been agreed on april 1, based on principles agreed in february see p. 38779, and following the montenegrin referendum in march see p. 38833.
hollis :: introductory reading: martin hollis, invitation to philosophy ; bertrand russell, the problems of philosophy .
totally :: i was totally wrong, it was immature, pure arrogance, souness confesses, in what must be one of the few confessions to take place inside ibrox.
race :: after the race the joint owners received their trophy from mrs peter lawton who was accompanied by her husband, a director of pml consultants.
hemmed :: was that where she felt hemmed in?
movie :: it is a bit of a labour seeing this daft c movie last thing before christmas, especially since it is based on the dc comic series, which was beautifully drawn and imaginatively based on the beauty and the beast story.
wet :: it grows on the top of very tall trees in wet forests a long way away, and little frogs spend their whole lives in it.
sad :: and i was so sad because it's it was some water went on it.
cnd :: from a paper selling to dissident literati and the children of cnd it was extending out to a new rock culture, and this accelerated the departure of the old american influences.
avionic :: the programme began approximately one year ago and focussed on support to automated test (ate) of avionic equipment.
cell :: we have already seen this in debussy's footsteps in the snow (example 53), where a simple two-note rhythmic cell recurs almost throughout the piece.
massaro :: marco van basten grabbed his fourth goal of the season, 12 minutes after daniele massaro had broken the deadlock.
pictures :: the preponderance of pictures means that the sparse text glosses over some points and tantalises on others.
mckay :: congratulations to the following game nine bingo winners: 100 mrs leitch of newtown abbey, mr foster of belfast 6, mr weldon of belfast 13, mrs mckay of larne.
lire :: yeah, i feel like a million lire.
led :: in arts and social science particularly , this led to appointments made for political rather than academic reasons.
everyday :: it can also be seen that it provides a deeper cause than that supplied by ordinary, everyday reasoning.
finished :: long before the sky dimmed enough to let the stars through, i lit the gas burner and ate baked beans off a paper plate and finished off with tea and biscuits.
shampoo :: it is the smell of pears shampoo and mum deodorant leaking milky white through the armpits of my blouse.
wear :: many believe that because foreign women wear fashion jewellery they have no knowledge of precious stones, true gold or silver.
protected :: the best routes follow strong, natural lines and are perfectly protected.
attempts :: however, cites' attempts to regulate the trade have not stopped the illegal trade.
dining :: i must explain that i have no phone in my study, to avoid interruption when i am working, and that i take phone calls in the dining-room
muriel :: a look of horror suddenly crossed muriel's face and she dropped the knitting and put her hand to her neck to hold her pearls.
campesinos :: i picture the few campesinos who guard the sacks moving away as we approach.
occasions :: the castle's black-cloaked seneschal had scowled darkly on the previous occasions when quiss had tracked him down in the kitchens and asked him what was going on and what he intended to do about it; he made dour excuses and talked of the corrosive effects of salt water and what a mess it made of his pipes and anyway materials were very hard to come by these days what days?
values :: as it stands, the strict inequality (9.2) is rather hard to handle, but (9.1) and (9.2) together are equivalent to (9.1) together with the inequality: (these expressions are the objective function values of lp (1, 1,, 1).)
pakistan :: the four cricket correspondents are as varied in style and type as the bowlers in the pakistan attack.
lively :: at leisure to explore this lively city.
controversy :: that was only the beginning of the controversy.
miscellaneous :: recognised investment exchanges (eg lse), clearing houses, lloyd's, listed money market institutions and certain miscellaneous persons
waterskiing :: later he'd enjoyed waterskiing.
international :: international motor insurance card (green card)
recognize :: i did not recognize the voice.
railways :: surely that threatens the environment, and surely the government's proposals for removing the power of the house to make the final decision on railways means that the government are not to be trusted with the environment.
link :: now he passed that on, that had, sort of knowledge on through the people in the shop okay, if you, soon as that link gets broken and you go into a shop something like erm burtons okay, big retail shop like burtons, you go in there you'll have a manager in there and assistants and so on, but their background knowledge has nothing to do with tailoring, nothing at all
washington :: mailer was a charter member of an informal group called the committee to investigate assassinations (cia), run by a washington lawyer, bud fensterwald.
tussled :: one of the sound system team, anthony adamson, gives evidence, telling of humphreys's spiral towards oblivion as he tussled over the turntables.
acid :: eighteen of 23 ursodeoxycholic acid treated patients took only 200 mg/day while two took 250 mg and only three took 300 mg/day.
constituency :: i speak to many farmers large and small including some in my hon. friend's constituency.
breast :: cisplatin was included because of experimental evidence that it further potentiates inhibition of thymidylate synthase, encouraging therapeutic results in pretreated breast and advanced head and neck cancer, and the recent demonstration of a good therapeutic index in metastatic colorectal cancer.
key :: someone's got rose's key, he said aloud.
shared :: if a number of people are present, invitations to summarize can be shared around rather than becoming the prerogative of one person.
champagne :: his colleagues broke open a champagne bottle inside the city hall to celebrate.
truce :: in the morning, should this truce be agreed, leave will be given to draw in the wagons.
suture :: it began in the early fifties when american health products company johnson johnson, best known for its baby powder, wanted to develop a new type of surgical suture based on collagen the same sort of stuff that ageing film stars injected to prevent wrinkles.
bratislava :: this appeared to represent a backlash against its recent campaign of nationalist protests, which had included a rowdy pro-independence demonstration disrupting celebrations in bratislava (slovakia's capital) of the nov. 17 anniversary of the start of the 1989 revolution.
158160 :: available from alzheimer's disease society, 158160 balham high road, london sw12 9bn.
cigarette :: graham's dad had once given desperate dan a cup of tea and a cigarette in their garage, and mrs snell had thrown a fit.
kindred :: a succession of books on kindred subjects was published by batsford.
ending :: it was hidden away down a dingy little cul-de-sac ending in a railway embankment and a station hardly anyone used any more.
wedded :: as, of course, all novelists, however wedded they are to the idea of realism, have to do.
ambushed :: foreign exchange dealers who were imagining what john smith as chancellor might do to the value of the pound if labour wins the election, were yesterday ambushed instead by one antonio cavaco silva, prime minister of portugal.
ampton :: the first race at ampton is at 12.30.
bowing :: the edge of the net came down, thumping softly on the deck, bowing to her, centimetres in front of her feet, and all the machinery stopped.
lecture :: and she had also forgotten the stern lecture she had given herself earlier, she thought despairingly.
warm :: and it was quite warm wasn't it?
privilege :: he sailed the river since being a boy, and it's a great privilege to be back in his home port.
precious :: them and their precious father michael.
3043 :: 3043 3046 illegal update of dc:
mates :: only about two of my mates don't get a hiding.
defeat :: wright said: after the disappointment of the arsenal defeat, we've bounced back with two creditable performances and haven't been beaten at places where it's hard to get results.
emigres :: here was mccreery's hq giving the widest possible interpretation to the term allied national to include anyone born within pre-1939, frontier of an allied country, which of course would also have covered all russian emigres regardless of when they had left russia.
pavements :: however, a skeleton chronology is now available (see appendix e, where a list of the pavements under discussion is also provided).
stacked :: stacked bar charts
marc :: in fact, andrew's tone reminds me at times of marc bolan, particularly when he's playing the percussive, rhythmic section across bars 4 and 5.
iritnefert :: first of all, i should explain why you heard no more from me after you came to see iritnefert's body.
rcp :: however, the attempt to revive the cpsu and rcp and to discredit yeltsin was overturned when the court ruled by nine votes to three to discuss also the constitutional legality of the activities of the cpsu and rcp.
nairobi :: ireland have just named their panel of 16 and a study of the 20 nations who will be in nairobi, bidding for three places in the world cup proper the following year, emphatically illustrates the mountainous task confronting the irish.
digested :: sitting down opposite, he digested what she had said.
extreme :: while it has been suggested that the ida was taken unaware by the problems raybestos encountered, its handling of the company was discreet in the extreme.
points :: even in 1993, keith points out, management information reaching the boardroom in a great many companies is often of poor quality, not timely, not relevant or unintelligible.
lyn :: what is it, lyn?
younger :: erlend, six years younger, needed someone to speak up for him, sometimes.
cage :: they've got you in a cage.
backward :: (an example may make this clearer: how does one dramatically improve the spoken english, reading and writing ability, and the iq, of backward rural children?
row :: there was the most god-awful row with the family.
longer :: unfortunately there is no longer a village school.
sofa :: he passed out, fully clothed, on his sofa.
tame :: it must all sound rather tame to today's children, but it was a happy time; a time of predictable routine, which gave us a sense of security.
proper :: but we are also emphasising that proper provision must be made to collect, store safely and dispose of even reduced amounts.
decision :: he had scarcely made this decision when he looked up.
fastport :: fastport print server
addiction :: obviously, given the nature of addiction and the despair that it can produce, especially after several bites at the cherry, interviewees needed to believe that it was going to work this time.
chose :: he didn't seem to hear, or rather he chose not to.
apple :: this also fitted in extremely well with the (then newly launched) macintosh and happened to fit even more perfectly with adobe's postscript language and apple's laserwriter printer.
tunnel :: as he began to speak, he seemed to grow less and less aware of his audience and continually turned his head, as though listening to some sound, audible only to himself from the entrance tunnel behind him.
breathing :: all the time i was breathing in beautiful outdoor air.
goldsmith :: a bold peasantry, their country's pride (goldsmith, the deserted village , 1770).
noticed :: well he turned and looked towards the window i noticed as i passed that you had a box of havana cigars, the the excepcionales.
medium :: considerable work has been initiated through the medium of a communication strategy, and we're delighted that the loss of amanda er, many of of you will know amanda and will know where she's gone to.
shown :: the officers' comments about what they had seen were observations of association between w and others, but in no case was any act shown on w's part which could be regarded as an overt act in respect of the conspiracy charge.
scattering :: words are separated to show the fragmented scattering of the sparse leaves.
island :: high winds and heavy seas have prevented the salvaging of the 1,500-tonne danish cargo vessel bettina danca, which has been aground on the island of stroma in the pentland firth since last weekend.
pregnancy :: tetanus vaccination may be given in pregnancy.
disperse :: although quite large flocks may still be present early in the month, winter visitors disperse rapidly in april, and few are seen in may.
owner :: the hon mrs ann gascoigne/house owner
anderson :: 6 the co-operative principle and anderson's language
bazzazeducation :: *hikmat abdullah al-bazzazeducation
status :: this uniform of dark serge symbolized our insider status and separated us completely from the civvies out there in the rest of the world.
missus :: fed up with playing footsie with your missus?
viewers :: the camera holding the action switches slowly to a normal, positive picture more acceptable to viewers now that the impact has been made.
obligations :: the obligations of stateless organization, the solemn ceremonies of making peaces, perhaps worked better in 1979 than they ever did in the stateless age.
peoples :: it meant that colonial administrations had an extremely difficult time controlling these peoples.
cop :: jello biafra has announced that he's considering issuing body count's cop killer on his own alternative tentacles label.
geography :: 8: human geography
knowledge :: conversion course training graduates to become active practitioners in area of knowledge based systems.
coronary :: this condition is called coronary heart disease.
disasters :: we hear also of a series of disasters visited by god on the country, in order to force the egyptians' hands.
clawed :: the night wind whipped his grey cropped hair, bit at his ears and cheeks and clawed at the grey robe wrapped round his body.
poignant :: in slatkin's rca recording, i was conscious in the first movement of elgar's poignant sense of an ideal world (or relationship) beyond his reach.
ego :: this results in a more integrative ego dealing with a more integrative object.
madness :: kate was quite unable to resist rising to his bait although she knew it was madness.
burnt :: over 100 homes of aristide supporters were burnt down in rural areas.
unbelievable :: he was so well when he left hospital and the deterioration within a week was unbelievable.
condition :: this is called the set condition.
incredulity :: then, at perdita's look of incredulity, known as the policia.
cam :: however, on the first piece of knitting you could position the n1 cam to give you four complete repeats and a half-repeat at the right of the knitting, that is put the na cam between needles 6 and 7 on the left of centre (fig. 4).
allowances :: our unemployment allowances miserable though they are, are framed to suit a population with very high standards and not much notion of economy.
reflects :: the new name is in part a combination of the names of the two predecessor institutes, but it also reflects a wider european and even a global interest in pursuing excellence in management.
charms :: long had disease been preying on her charms,
population :: the proportion of the population dependent on agriculture stayed unchanged at around 70% for several decades, but is now falling.
ai :: he ain't, because to me you, you not got, you're wasting your time
questioned :: your parents, they don't mind you being away from home on your own? he questioned.
skates :: such an argument, in implying that the problem is simply a question of the lack of history or of its presence, as if history were some undifferentiated entity that could just be added or taken away, stepped into or got out of, skates over the fact that the real question has always focused on the much more difficult issue of what kind of history, and of what status can be accorded to historical thought.
endopleurites :: the several structures may be conveniently termed the endotergites, endopleurites and endosternites respectively.
chargers :: this greatly enhances their life when using standard chargers.
attributes :: i had the attributes of a boy, in that i was flat-chested, hipless and had a small bottom.
tentatively :: she edged tentatively into the lee of the house to hide in a deep shadow and bumped into a broken rainwater pipe which smacked on to the concrete patio.
nerve :: the nerve of the national defence was constituted by the popular masses and the clergy who hated both afrancesados and liberals.
variety :: as you know, there is currently a wide variety in the type of vehicles which licensing authorities currently consider suitable for use of taxis.
95 :: beginning on june 13 the estimated 200,000 troops and 250,000 militiamen belonging to the three guerrilla factions of which the khmers rouges was the largest and the vietnamese-backed phnom pehn government were due to begin assembling at 95 un-controlled regroupment areas.
stunned :: oopsie-doopsie, me and my big mouth, slater said quietly to himself as sara took graham's plastic tumbler and put it on the mantelpiece beside her own glass, then led him, stunned, unprotesting, through the crowd towards the room where the music was.
travel :: the travel shops sell all types of holiday and travel tickets.
nationale :: union nationale pour la dmocratie aux comores (undc mohammed taki l.);
nagging :: more nagging is the suspicion that wallenberg did not die of a heart attack at the age of 35, but was murdered or tortured to death.
thomi :: thomi keller is the outstanding figure in the history of international rowing.
invaluable :: at this time he acquired his sensitivity of touch which proved to be invaluable later in his career.
redemption :: the average redemption price is given by .
blame :: who could blame him?
struggle :: but she had to struggle with her feelings as she showered in the bathroom.
interspersed :: interspersed among these are at least three aisled buildings and several other rectangular structures running parallel to the frontages, some undivided, others with well defined internal partitions; they usually lie along side-streets where pressure on land was probably less acute, and may represent a different class of structure socially or functionally.
swine :: he'd said as much, the callous swine, flinging his mistress at her deliberately.
tackle :: we will tackle that at the appropriate time, said aycliffe, adroitly side-stepping this issue.
characters :: characters into your .
opposes :: he opposes this view, by arguing that hardy's so-called lapses of style cannot be considered apart from a more general consideration of his strengths and weaknesses as a novelist.
typical :: typical on-site installation of a continuous aluminium seamless parapet gutter system with no inconvenience to the building owner
tutors :: is there a list of the erm the tutors in the handbook or anything?
snowing :: well, it's snowing.
bookends :: for the rest, the two goalkeepers were as busy as bookends.
snow :: his arrival in bond street with chips of frozen snow still clinging to his person recalled that epic picture of polar heroism, a very gallant gentleman, in which captain oates staggers out into the blizzard
damaged :: in its doorway, awaiting them, was a figure in rich, damaged velvets which must be napoleone lomellini.
crew :: i expect the crew had tiptoed down very gently from the bunk above while he slept.
involvement :: there are strong, practical arguments for the link today for the trades unions trades union involvement in the party ensures that trades union interests are represented in parliament.
abbey :: abbey in big share sell-off
calculations :: i hope that figure is right er, i have to confess that i have not added it up and er the copy that i have, the five and the nine could be mistaken for other figures, but i hope that there the right figures to that must be added first the general damages a calculation which like all by other calculations need to be carefully checked, i would er calculate the interest on general damages to date would be five thousand, two hundred and seven pounds future care totals six hundred and twelve thousand, five hundred and seventeen pounds suitable accommodation, seventy one thousand, one hundred and fifty two pounds, transport costs thirty nine thousand, eight hundred and sixty six pounds, that makes a total of one million, two hundred and six thousand, three hundred and thirty eight pounds that is the amount which i would be minding to award, i understand that the parties in the light of that would wish to have further discussions about the matter
landed :: he landed right on the line.
lola :: lola is very powerful and very sensitive and she goes through a lot of changes.
census :: the 1851 census shows that in church coniston, the township which supplied most of the labour for the mine, there were 370 children between the ages of 5 and 15, of whom 76.6 per cent were listed as scholars only.
accretion :: the accretion process spins up the neutron star to millisecond periods over a timescale of 10 7 10 8 yr, and, when mass transfer ceases, the system consists of a millisecond pulsar in a circular orbit with a low-mass companion.
leaned :: oliver leaned forward and switched it off.
cohen :: bartman, who has not been allowed to live at the house he has shared in chelsea with his partner of 23 years, david cohen, as a condition of bail, will now be able to return home.
punitive :: cautioning may have fallen into disrepute but to abandon it will mean a return to the punitive policies that this government had only recently said had failed.
miraculously :: nevertheless, chronic anxiety, in a horse can cause various skin troubles which refuse to clear up with veterinary treatment and antibiotics, but which miraculously disappear when there is a reduction of anxiety.
trent :: for more information just call us here at the trent f m careline.
professor :: professor edward hitchcock took cells from an aborted foetus and he injected them inside mr davies's brain.
ingredients :: to ensure that this is being achieved, watch out for two essential ingredients: one is that the combi-steamer produces fresh clean steam from its own generator, and the other is that it has an efficient waste air quenching system.
markets :: yesterday, the chancellor of the exchequer had the cheek to intervene in the speech of my right hon. friend the leader of the opposition on the national currency, when this week has shown that the prime minister and the chancellor are powerless to defend our national currency against movements in the markets in community countries and elsewhere.
personal :: a local office staffed by local people, including scottish homes staff, who will be trained to deliver the personal service housing associations are noted for.
devastated :: absolutely shocked and devastated.
finish :: oh well you gonna see if you can finish it off tomorrow?
acknowledgement :: 1.2 acknowledgement of this order must be made by signing the duplicate order, enclosed with it, and the duplicate must be received within fourteen days of the date of this order.
improving :: they waxed lyrical on the virtues of introducing business-like methods and improving resource management.
stairhead :: near the stairhead she met phil, who was emerging from a game of cards in one of the single rooms and had missed all the theatricals.
fantastic :: the one she guessed was seb because the hair on his legs was blond was the best, but even then not as fast as nails, and the other two were in-between, but not nearly as fantastic as she had imagined.
castle :: thief gary singlewood fled into a building from which there was no escape a castle.
arrival :: a three-course dinner, inclusive of sherry on arrival, coffee, and liqueurs will be 17.50.
smiled :: not at all, he smiled.
pledged :: mr rifkind said the conservatives have pledged to improve the a1 between london and newcastle.
liverpool :: also featured in the video are steve mcmahon: (everton, villa, liverpool, manchester city and england 1979onwards); bryan robson: (west bromwich, manchester utd and england 1974-onwards) and peter storey: (arsenal, fulham and england 1965-1977).
fulfilment :: the fact that the holy spirit has come upon the gentiles is a sign from god that the old testament plan for the gentiles is coming to fulfilment after all.
manager :: the user is not the manager of the package, in which case the correct user name should be used or the mangership of the package transferred to the required user.
rates :: early cash withdrawals wipe out the tax-free element, but you still benefit from better-than-average savings rates.
la :: chron paid modigliani a louis, a gold piece worth twenty francs, for his day's work in his shop on the rue de la botie.
break :: but the friendship endured, and when dimity did get married later, their affection survived the break.
critical :: in an age where there is no common culture, but where there are threats to open debate, the strengthening of the culture of critical discourse is all we have.
heel :: the heel and everything's lovely isn't
trapping :: through the intervention of radiation-trapping pigments, they were energized by the sun.
severely :: those who do not reveal their cystic fibrosis are less severely affected and may be better able to disguise their disease to lay observers.
remit :: er the remit
skilful :: erm, i felt very much that er without 's very skilful erm chairing of the last session that it would have been, it could have been, yes, very, i mean, a very inconclusive day.
5.30pm :: the victorian flower garden: thursdays at 8pm; repeated tuesdays at 5.30pm (series ends 19th ).
volt :: yeah but even so it's volt
unloved :: if, on the other hand you are married to a man who, on the surface at least, appears to be more attentive to his mother's needs than to yours, try not to become upset and regard her as a threat or a rival, and avoid jumping to the conclusion that your marriage is a failure and that you are unloved.
g. :: g. the public good problem amongst shareholders) or because the information is inherently difficult to obtain.
excreta :: what do buddhism, ducks and human excreta have in common?
432,000 :: sire eric gets the lion's share with a three-year contract worth pounds 432,000 a year.
bulletins :: first of all, the main story in our news at five thirty, and i think unless anything more dramatic happens, it will be the main story right through the news bulletins of this programme.
significantly :: the long-term mortality of patients treated in a specialist unit is significantly less than that of patients treated in a general psychiatric setting.
incidence :: increasing age and female sex were associated with an increased incidence of alzheimer's disease.
scully :: mr scully adds that security considerations may limit what data an individual can look at london, for instance, cannot look at the accounts specific to hong kong.
fisher :: in 1947 he was well known as one of the authors in fact he was the chairman of the group and the principal author and the person in charge of publication of a report to the archbishop of canterbury, now geoffrey fisher, on the nature of catholicity.
impoverished :: the soil is impoverished.
lobby :: oh, just the boys playing in the lobby.
moron :: here we are, hale and hearty, neither of us exactly a moron.
horse :: it was a crooked line on an unstretched piece of canvas, drawn, partially erased and then redrawn, which evolved for rothenberg, into the silhouette of a horse, an encasement for human presence, a grid which would eventually be, in slaughterhouse terms, drawn and quartered.
travellers :: many professional travellers say that there is nowhere left to travel, but for most of us the old maxim that anywhere is new if you have not been there before, is true, and there are plenty of places left to escape to.
suitcases :: like many homes, her house had a cupboard under the stairs where things like suitcases and cleaning items were stored.
bet :: i bet you he's at home.
remembered :: by bronze age times the green man green jack, or hooded robin, the medieval wodehouse had become a solitary forest figure, partially deified, reflected in and mingled with such elemental forms as pan, and dionysus, and vaguely remembered dryads.
ladies :: in more peaceful times he had assisted many of the ladies of the cantonment in childbirth.
4af :: send your answer to jhs xmas stocking comp, guitarist, alexander house, forehill, ely, cambs cb7 4af .
guards :: during the past year you cannot have failed to notice that i have been receiving from one of the guards a regular, regular regular supply, he said suddenly, yes, supply of havana cigars.
entrance :: choose a busy area, but make sure you don't get in people's way (eg by blocking the entrance or exit of a shop).
unsettled :: of someone having left: dust, unsettled
dined :: she proposes to recruit a famous cricket fan prime minister john major, with whom she dined only last week to the fight.
conversely :: erm conversely i i think we would want to look at individual proposals as they as they came forward, and see what landscaping proposals they have and er how they intend to mitigate any perhaps adverse er landscape er implications.
lock :: i lock the doors i always do, the windows are all shut there's nothing more i can do
waxworks :: the duchess was brutally given the chop by the louis tussauds waxworks on blackpool's golden mile.
germans :: he speaks of a battle against the germans.
spent :: i just wondered if someone who had spent a few years in medical school might take a job away from the field just for a summer.
motives :: or might he have other motives?
transported :: the construction of the stroudwater canal would have stopped this practice (which cost them nothing!) and forced them to pay tolls on any goods transported.
avoided :: large owners of wealth with good tax advice largely avoided paying this tax.
garret :: garret fitzgerald gave margaret thatcher to understand, with the backing of dublin's legal advisers, that article 3 of the irish constitution suspending implementation of article 2 cancelled out the territorial claim.
selected :: we always tell people we have selected.
richardson :: keith richardson says they will go into the game with a positive mind and take the game to new zealand
canniesburn :: at canniesburn my next desperate prayer was to be home for davie and alan's summer holidays from school and i was home.
qualities :: it's the personal qualities that matter, not the colour of their skin.
spastic :: i am the mother of a spastic child but had i been told before his birth that my son would be handicapped i would have asked for an abortion.
fit :: all it needs is to be made to fit.
coastline :: by the treaty of kuchuk kainardzhi russia acquired a black sea coastline.
scoop :: with each jagging rip of the fork or scoop
arab :: middle east arab world
jaafer :: jackie and jaafer insist that it stands and are prepared to take the company on in court.
effectiveness :: the management research field includes many studies on effectiveness, but the only type of participation to be found in them is worker participation, quite different from our topic of client participation.
13 :: in the mori survey only 13% of incontinent people had ever confided their problem to their spouse.
searching :: searching is easy and quick
trip :: did your trip to jerusalem get you any nearer to finding out who killed uncle max?
suitable :: matt has asked particularly for a device which can be interfaced with a computer so i have searched through my data library in order to find a short-list of suitable devices.
celebrated :: mrs selman celebrated her eightieth birthday just last week.
joan :: joan's put the video in i think, have you joan?
summary :: within days my summary was in demand throughout the department.
peters :: he and mr peters worked together on his christmas present to me.
redistribution :: servicing private capital in this way is usually a matter of job redistribution rather than job creation.
steered :: in full plume: 40 years on the throne, 66 next month, queen elizabeth ii has reigned through two wars, seven prime ministers and britain joining the ec, and has steered her family the firm as she calls them through a period of unprecedented social change
ohio :: by bessay in ohio.
ecclesiastical :: although never an mp, he was keenly interested in politics and was an active force in a variety of parliamentary and ecclesiastical networks.
divide :: two major exceptions to the general divide were the secondary schools in fivemiletown and ballycastle, where shortage of catholic equivalents resulted in de facto integration.
trench :: there's no need to be impertinent, trench.
hailed :: manager jean cundy and her assistant cherrie elliott took the plunge and dressed as rabbits for the day, which was hailed as a great success.
telecommunications :: **carlo vizzini (psdi) posts and telecommunications guido bodrato (dc) industry franco marini (dc) labour
hefted :: the small man hefted the shaft over his head and brought it down on keith with the full force that his frame could muster.
authorized :: first, the sib has been given power, by virtue of ns.47a(1), to issue statements of principle with respect to the conduct and financial standing expected of persons authorized to carry on investment business.
scaling :: as well as the scaling.
results :: the idea was to test whether any subject could be chosen from a batch without giving misleading results.
depraved :: and clara saw that mrs hanney's ignominy was complete, for this programme, the name of which her mother so evidently did not forget, was considered by her mother to be the very lowest form of entertainment available, designed for the exceptionally stupid and depraved.
dra :: in the 1980s soviet and dra leaders have persistently claimed that afghanistan remains non-aligned whatever its bilateral links with the soviet union (and this is meant to imply more than just membership in the non-aligned movement).
probable :: oh highly probable.
happier :: eiji has made extremely long trains to form an arch, the biggest of which he was invited to fly in happier times at kuwait.
sandwiches :: i dashed back in to make dad his sandwiches and pour his tea into his billy can.
scientists :: new scientists 17 april
flung :: she didn't care that the clothes he had flung out of the night before were scattered on floor and chairs.
kinsman :: for the most part, a kinsman asked to give aid in a dispute did not have to fear he might lose his life; peaces were easier to make in a society which also had peace.
responsible :: they work in accordance with the instructions of ministers and they are responsible to ministers.
risking :: the malvern hills classic meeting now in its fourth year isn't all about risking life and limb though.
perversion :: it's the perversion of america's primal hero which makes the film's roots in american history and myth of such interest.
canoe :: i took the canoe and left him there.
recalls :: anthony wood gleefully recalls this.
holders :: but some stall holders still aren't happy.
relieved :: julia climbed on board without hesitation, sure of her welcome, relieved and delighted to be with people whom she trusted.
offer :: it is important for the government to pursue other involved parties including the company itself, but also the finan cial advisers who put savers into the gibraltar fund without inquiring too much about how it was able to offer such high rates of interest, not to mention the auditors who looked at the books.
surrey :: nolan, the reigning british open champion, has moved her base from norfolk to surrey, where she has ten competition horses in her yard.
toxicological :: the polymer should present no health worries: if we have toxicological problems, then so does ice cream, says causton.
emphasis :: now having said that different people might make take put the emphasis on different things.
539 :: if you have any further queries on ni contributions, call the social security advice line for employers,free , on 0800 393 539.
involving :: we will also insure you against an accident involving any trailer that is attached to your car.
causing :: smoking is probably the major factor causing heart disease.
signalled :: note that the alphabetical list shows synonyms, broader terms, narrower terms and related terms, but these are signalled by an innovative notation.
mongolia :: among the topics discussed was the issue of the repayment of some dm47,000,000 (about us28,500,000) in loans granted to mongolia by the former east german government.
grim :: abdullah gave a curiously grim smile.
trevor :: avant-garde trevor sorbie of trevor sorbie.
arkhina :: someone grasped at the side of the cart as it went past, and arkhina smashed his fingers with a hammer.
corresponding :: corresponding figures are for party b 28.6% of the votes, four seats (33.3%), of which three are won in constituencies and one is additional; for party c 13.6% of the votes, one seat (8.3%) won in a constituency and no more; and for party d 12.3% of the votes and one seat (8.3%), which is an additional seat.
pam :: pam flushed again and laughed.
camera :: because the material can be shot in any order, there are none of the limitations of edit-in-camera recording.
nice :: i know some people say it takes time, but i think if you spend a year producing a lamb it is nice to see it sold and you do the best you can for it.
subsidiary :: buying back the subsidiary will cost the last twelve months in sales times a factor of 0.75 to 1.5.
tour :: she's a wonderful, lovely person, said michael, one of a group of former hospital residents the duchess visited on a tour of the wirral in merseyside.
suspects :: again, you will have a closed circle of suspects.
howard :: michael howard mp/environment secretary
goodie :: the best five entries will receive a legendary flypast goodie-bag each.
consultants :: secondly, consultants receive no training in educational methods.
bristles :: to pick them up, moisten the paint-brush slightly, draw out the bristles to make a fine point, and pick up a larva with the tip of the brush and put it gently on to the new plant.
enacted :: speaking earlier at the asian institute of technology, wwf president prince philip said: thailand ratified the convention in 1963, but i'm sorry to have to say that no enabling legislation has so far been enacted.
act :: necessarily, the scheme has had to be approved through the procedure set out in the courts and legal services act 1990.
watertight :: check out the theory, girl, it's watertight.
disarm :: the suburbs were strongholds of the hezbollah movement, which, unlike other lebanese militias, had refused government demands to disarm in 1990.
den :: he denied fondling miss van den berghen at the party and in a taxi later.
early :: say you're gonna have an early night?
misunderstood :: sorry if i misunderstood.
raff :: the riff-raff, and the rabble !
particular :: bernard's choice of guitar is decided by the kind of sound he's looking to achieve on a particular song.
musical :: it is clear that few theological colleges anywhere do much to instruct and encourage ordinands in matters musical.
intention :: nazer did not, however, declare saudi arabia's intention to increase oil production, as had been done in march ibid..
jacquard :: norwegian, threecolour and fourcolour designs all make use of the colour changer, but if you do not have this accessory they are still possible if you use the jacquard claw that comes with the machine.
wicked :: she really is wicked.
productive :: so long as the new productive potentials take this form which cannot guarantee and may contradict the thrust of the content progressive, collective effects will depend vitally on the nature of the musical content and on the mode of its reception and use.
completely :: cool completely then, leaving greaseproof paper in place, renew foil, wrapping tightly.
scenic :: it promises to be a fast, scenic and accurate course.
district :: by that time the embanked railway line now the district line had bisected the back common of turnham green, and the area left north of the railway gradually became referred to as acton green.
entries :: up to three entries are allowed but are not compulsory.
reaching :: it tasted of candied peel and nuts, and she was reaching for another one when she saw that lucenzo's head had lifted at the sound of a child's piping tones.
guide :: shoe guide 92
speedy :: the hybrid bill procedure is also relatively speedy 14 months from the first channel tunnel bill to the final act when compared with major pubic inquiries which can drag on for several years.
1873 :: in 1864 he published a book, the dynamical theory of the electromagnetic field, in which the equations were largely separated from these mechanical models; in 1873 he published his treatise, which put the whole of electricity and magnetism on a new footing.
rescheduling :: for instance we can suggest ways of rescheduling the payments over a longer period.
arrive :: that you arrive at the interview as well informed as possible and therefore in the most confident and self-assured state of mind.
tight :: he drew his head back, but his arms were still holding her tight.
binding :: the single stranded dna binding protein is present in dorsal root ganglia (drgs).
artist :: if the garment becomes torn, it is possible to repair it, taking account of the artist's underlying intent.
conical :: royalty also built their palaces here, she continued, and indicated two large conical chimneys which towered above the trees.
untenable :: it was the catastrophe of the crimean war which rendered this commitment untenable.
guest :: philippe very kindly gave me an open invitation, but today i was in als, as the guest of alain's mother.
lotus :: lotus 123 mbs business plan
julius :: julius's own eyes grew stormy.
coleraine :: november 13, 1992 coleraine co antrim.
welcome :: at heart, this was probably almost as welcome to the other five as it was to france.
1940 :: (in 1940 there were only four entries so it was cancelled), but presumably this arrangement was unsatisfactory for in 1952 john chalcraft bought it from the club for 15.
owes :: he owes his allegiance to the school's director of music and head of the music department, mr martin essex, without whom, he says, he would never be where he is today.
operations :: in most cases a 9.6 volt or 12 volt drill will be powerful enough for serious woodworking, such as repeated drilling and screwdriving operations without rapid discharge of the battery.
altogether :: remember that if your orc units panic and flee they will spread panic amongst your other orcs and goblins, whereas orcs will ignore fleeing goblins altogether.
runway :: who's that lying on the runway who's that lying in the snow it's matt busby and his boys making such a f***in noise cause they can't get the aeroplane to go
connie :: connie, you can come and help.
frankly :: and frankly it was.
fourth :: is it the ninth of the fourth?
furuseth :: in the technical disciplines, furuseth and tomba predictably exchanged victories (two for furuseth, three for tomba whose bandwagon is definitely rolling again).
thousands :: at one end of this seeming arcane map or game-board an enormous plascrystal bowl held thousands of what at first sight appeared to be bloodshot ochreous eyeballs.
overwinter :: but what happens, in winter, to the laboulbeniales that live on beetles that overwinter only as larvae or pupae?
steward :: although they were pleased to see me back, a rift had come between the staff in the steward's office and my office.
contribution :: the award, which was made during the year in which both the rsc and the polytechnic celebrate their sesquicentenaries, recognised the longstanding special relationship between the parties, and marks the rsc's contribution to the work, life and culture of the polytechnic and its precursor institutions.
laboratory :: houseplants are good for you, according to californian a laboratory that has been doing research for nasa into the use of plants in space.
zara :: well it was like zara
transcription :: french phonetic transcription
206,000 :: between them they taught 4.6 million children and employed 206,000 teachers (81% female).
consciousness :: deborah snapped into a bleary consciousness.
coup :: six days earlier, boubacar had denied before the conference that the army was planning a coup d'etat (having earlier threatened oneibid.).
machinery :: the bar also has a complaints machinery, but it is less complex than that relating to solicitors.
everthorpe :: brian everthorpe came uninvited into the room.
tutor :: what tutor homework?
supermen :: for thoroughly understandable reasons, however, it was not to these people that hitler turned for his image of the german: he did not want the average german for the ss, he wanted supermen for the conquest of the east.
simultaneously :: simultaneously, the others stood up.
reversing :: a young motorist who crashed into another car while reversing at a fast speed escaped a driving ban at whitby magistrates yesterday.
sea :: at an early date these lands were parcelled out into farms or manors, each extending from the high street to the sea.
69 :: for order 69 to apply the process must be in connection with civil or commercial proceedings in a foreign court or tribunal and must have been received by the senior master with a written request for service from a consular or other authority in a convention country (which term includes countries with which the united kingdom has a relevant bilateral convention and countries party to the hague convention) or from the foreign secretary (who would have been approached via diplomatic channels by the authorities of another state) 262.
assumption :: there is a basic assumption in international law and in common sense that a state will protect its citizens.
flip :: it was firmly fastened, of course, so that no floppy monster could flip it up and wander underground for lunch.
intensities :: some studies indicate that depressive states of varying intensities foreshadow the development of the disorder, with lifetime prevalence rates of major depressive illness ranging from 25% to 80% across different samples.
finance :: finance did not much affect the organisation of businesses, though it might influence their policy.
unlike :: unlike karelius and frulein mller, the frenchman seemed to know nothing about the opera or even the rudiments of music.
studied :: in classical literature, greek and latin authors are studied in translation, with some archaeological and historical background.
necks :: with their necks like flamingos';
tess :: he persuaded tess to go with him.
lower :: if employees move to a part of the country where house prices are comparable or lower then the mortgage allowance scheme will not apply.
claim :: ann widdecombe backed his claim.
bastards :: the bastards were kicking him like a fucking dog.
ladder :: the ladder was out of the question now, what with the floodlights.
chiefs :: the british chiefs of staff followed suit.
disappear :: corbett watched her disappear into the mist.
pharmacist :: each pharmacist is paid 8.40 per hour so that the unit cost per prescription is 1.40.
cap :: every other group produces more sophisticated results than yours, your own results seem to vanish in the general feedback, and to cap it all she then shows you work which is more sophisticated than any of yours, probably containing a result which is on the a level further mathematics syllabus, and declares that it is work from mixed-ability 13 year olds!
bundle :: but that is often wrong, because it may be the lightest straw in the whole bundle.
bottled :: while the quality of english wines can now compare with estate-grown and bottled wines from germany or alsace in that they are fairly uniform they bear the crisply full-flowered taste we often look for in a good table wine or aperitif.
steve :: and that's, that's, that's why i went totally off beam steve.
surely :: so yes, we're very much open to suggestion. erm we shall have our own ideas, of course, and these are expressed at this stage in terms of these general themes, but we surely will respond when, if there are any suggestions coming.
developments :: 1991/92 saw two major developments of student residential accommodation.
automatically :: when you change one, the other automatically recalculates through.
hidden :: he didn't see me, because i was too well hidden.
mosse :: i heard you asking about uncle mosse.
opportunity :: in the high court of parliament, we have a unique opportunity to put the law right.
upsets :: it upsets me that this happens.
inviable :: most techniques so far used for increasing speed are now becoming inviable for the future, and new techniques must be developed.
glittered :: ace sat opposite her, his face a mask; only the eyes glittered strangely, betraying his anger.
roared :: the engine started at once, he reversed and tore with a screaming of tyres on gravel through the gate on to the road and, narrowly evading a police car which was approaching, he roared off into the night.
phoenix :: troy aikman threw two touchdown passes in their 1610 defeat of the phoenix cardinals.
sweden :: they look a million dollars especially on marks model marcus schenkenberg from sweden but cost a lot, lot less.
silent :: she fell silent.
causation :: this will especially be true where the problem is a complex one, such as an investigation in historical causation.
served :: and children are little better served.
reviewed :: a small number were reviewed earlier, usually after four years.
utmost :: conditions precedent to the policy these are conditions which apply to the conduct of the insured before the inception of the policy, namely the duty of utmost good faith.
oxygen :: but a bit of added hydrogen or oxygen could tip the balance.
forests :: forty years ago, the forests along the eastern fringe of the andes were as inaccessible as anywhere in the world; but it is there that is found wild cocoa with the greatest genetic diversity.
costume :: timothy remarks, i see you've brought your costume.
thomas :: edward thomas was no exception to his own precept.
goods :: the expenses would also be reduced by the 400 in respect of the goods returned.
fined :: under s.4 of the itsfea 1988 (newly amended s.32(a) of the sea 1934), natural persons found guilty of insider trading shall upon conviction be fined not more than 1m, or imprisoned for not more than 10 years, or both, whereas for persons other than natural persons the fine stands at 2.5m.
p102 :: get to know your pests with our complete guide, p102
conte :: the advantages of the clinical model, particularly for mentally ill people has been widely supported (anthony and blanch, 1989; conte and plutchik, 1986; davies and missakoulis, 1988; goering et al., 1988; harris and bachrach, 1988; hogarty et al., 1979; holloway, 1991; huxley, 1992; kanter, 1987, 1989; lamb, 1980; levine, 1979; miller, 1983; modrcin et al., 1988; neligh and kinzie, 1983; rapp and wintersteen, 1986; shepherd, 1990b; thornicroft and breakey, 1991; wasylenki, 1991).
cloth :: the table was pretty, with a red cloth and a pot of golden chrysanths in the middle, and all the places neatly laid.
guilty :: their cheerfulness and delight at still being alive only made charlie feel more guilty.
drug :: a drug may make an animal less hungry, less mobile, less sensitive to the pain of an electric shock, just as much as it may make it forget.
manipulative :: and very manipulative.
hampstead :: services were not stopping at either hampstead or archway stations late last night.
approaches :: however, some important common concerns may be discerned among the various approaches described above.
burdens :: one consents not only to actions but also to the holding of certain positions and to the imposition of duties and burdens.
judiciary :: if his departure from the king's bench coincides with the virtual cessation of statute-making, it also marks the change from a judiciary which was largely clerical to one which was increasingly and predominantly lay.
rock :: he could see it ahead of him, like a rock you could not miss.
5200 :: (5200 over 24 months sounds far worse than 50 per week.
showed :: a recent test showed compression ranging from 170 psi to 150 psi.
electrofished :: we only electrofished four miles of the open ended canal and it's possible the fish could have survived and moved in the 20 mile stretch before the locks.
ranges :: prices are low (because of bulk buying, wide ranges, special offers etc), which attracts customers
anticipation :: the anticipation of having to respond to a considerable amount of interest from the colleges, and of the fair amount of time the interactions would take, both proved to be accurate.
syndrome :: i've already referred to this syndrome.
inspected :: he inspected the boys, of whom there were 37.
undusted :: all was quiet and still, and undusted.
decidedly :: the overall mood was decidedly up.
robemaker :: people lived and died there; they did not grow old there, because no one could live for very long in the robemaker's hands.
unmoved :: he sat unmoved.
commentary :: with its pipsqueak commentary its only fuel
60 :: businessobjects claims 60 uk customers and 400 worldwide with sites employing businessobjects on databases storing as much as 12gb of information.
salisbury :: porton down, salisbury?
paula :: in february he was seriously injured in a helicopter crash at santa paula airport, 75 miles north west of los angeles.
learning :: lively, active learning
sunday :: the first best clothes were only for sunday and when visitors came.
primary :: primary subject area:
kno :: she kno everybody knows you do it love.
month :: at a private hearing at the high court in london next month, mr justice ognall is expected to extend the original february 2 deadline for joining in the legal action for children under 16.
2.341 :: according to the consolidated pl account, prior made a loss before tax for the year of 5.182m (v loss 1.118m) after net interest payable of 2.361m (v 2.341m).
funds :: the use of finite public funds, raised by the tax-payer, to compensate large minerals companies for the cost of meeting modern environmental standards is no longer tenable.
created :: nevertheless, as will be seen in the following section, the approach developed by digital equipment corporation in scotland created work groups with most of the characteristics that vaill identified.
bobby :: she loves the train bobby.
feelings :: she hesitated again, dismayed by the difficulty of delineating such fleeting, unshaped feelings in words.
refuse :: on the rare occasions when he went with buddie to the house in lansdowne place, he must always say he was not hungry and refuse any food she offered him, just in case it was poisoned.
departments :: where staff are unsuccessful in obtaining a council tax post, some will be accommodated within the community charge team which will deal with the winding-down of the community charge, and some will be redeployed to posts in other departments of the council in accordance with the council's code of practice on employee redeployment and transfer.
article :: or the putting into circulation of the faulty article?
repeat :: i'll repeat the point.
search :: when buying a property on a registered building estate or other development in respect of which the layout plan has been lodged and officially approved, make your search on form 94b, when (unlike other searches against part only of a title) reference to the approved plan avoids the need to enclose a plan with your search.
shuffling :: at last, with his hand still shuffling the rice, he looked up, directly at kalchu.
cattle :: agricultural policy which involves paying the highest prices for the fattest lamb and cattle has changed little during the last 10 years.
pure :: there are a few seconds before starting a journey on a night train, which are pure theatre.
pursuing :: the university has recently opened its first child care nursery and is actively pursuing plans for a second.
spares :: rover's policy of utilising parts which were already in production for a different model when building a new vehicle is particularly useful in places where spares are not as readily available.
clasped :: whitlock activated the window and clasped his hand over his chest.
bill :: i had hoped to find the original bill for the chandelier in the abercorn papers, but a day's search for them in the belfast record office revealed nothing: in true british fashion, all feed and stapling bills were meticulously preserved and carefully tied in small bundles, but bills for plate and jewels seem not to have been preserved.
displayed :: when input is complete, the user should press return and a message will be displayed while the report is being generated.
hybrid :: there, he says, they have three types of news programme: national and international, regional, and a hybrid of the two.
assertive :: many women have difficulty becoming appropriately assertive, rather than submissive or domineering, in our male-orientated society and may find a mini-group of women helpful to examine this problem and process their reactions to it.
elephant :: elephant seal 14
requirement :: accordingly, his cause of action for an infringement before the date of sealing accrues at the date of the infringement but cannot be enforced until the procedural requirement of sealing is met.
raymond :: in the first of a new series raymond spurrier , still travelling hopefully, encounters some visual shocks in a trip down under
vision :: finally, i return to the introduction, in which the pervasive theme was failure to plan from first principles, and lack of vision.
j :: you've just got to talk to them about j s p, which is a subject very close to my heart.
congenial :: all local dust, dirt and rubbish should be cleared away, partly to remove conditions congenial to the beetles but also to facilitate treatment with insecticide.
portsmouth :: it is appropriate in this case that there should be an interim residence order, and there should be directions attached to that order that a. be returned forthwith to the care of his father and that g., r. and m. remain in the care of their father and that there be an inter partes hearing with service of the application as quickly as the portsmouth county court can make it possible to be heard, which means within a matter of days not a matter of weeks, because it would be quite wrong for this matter to die down once the child is returned.
turrets :: the z-plan design was built around two diagonally opposite towers, one round, one square, with corbelled stair turrets leading from the timbered banqueting hall to the upper floors and the laird's tower.
proprietary :: fortunately the disease can be treated with a proprietary white spot cure.
ref :: nature ref. 9704/1 delbaere bio
unequal :: at the same time, we may distinguish unequal strata within a class.
dimensional :: the reason for this is that the number of tucks within the work distorts the knit stitches in such a way that they rise up above the surface of the knitting, forming a very three-dimensional effect.
nordestino :: in nordestino folklore animals, too, go mad with hunger.
unpreparedness :: what exactly do you mean by unpreparedness?
stripped :: the home they'd made together, and enjoyed for a year and two months, was stripped bare.
tiger :: penalties were small compared with the price paid for tiger skins.
upright :: she could not remain upright a moment longer.
solving :: the time allotted in different local education authorities for solving the kinds of issue described above ranged from no time at all, through one day every term, two hours once a month, to one afternoon, and in one case a whole day each week.
erotic :: now he was touching her again, but only because desire had renewed itself, and she was helpless in the grip of a wild excitement once more as she felt the erotic plunge of his tongue filling her mouth and a tormenting finger drew sensual circles round her navel.
hey :: hey, look who's over there
detected :: in our analysis of the 1987 campaign we have distinguished more clearly between personal factors such as political interest and mobilizing factors such as television viewing; and we have detected a strong trend in the balance of influence between these two influences.
foodstuffs :: york served a wide area as the processing and distribution centre for foodstuffs.
press :: mark lemon will not be available for official press day on march 19.
diagnosed :: these cases were diagnosed between 1963 and 1991 but 35 were diagnosed in 1980 or later.
clergyman :: i charles gillingham hamilton m.a. of stockport in the borough of stockport and county of chester, clerk, a clergyman of the church of england, in priest's orders and a graduate of the university of dublin declare that i will discharge always to the best of my ability the duties of headmaster of the stockport grammar and free school, and that in case i shall he removed from my office i will thereupon relinquish all claim to the office and its future emoluments and i will deliver up possession of the school and my residence to the trustees and that it shall be lawful for them in the same case without ejectment or other legal process to take possession of my residence and remove myself and my effects therefrom.
resin :: it's only the resin from the flower and dried up leaves of a very beautiful plant.
hoskins :: her natural expression removes some of the horror of death and, with her floral tribute, looks more like little red riding hood asleep under the tree; the same cannot be said for the hoskins child.
subjected :: it seemed likely that the avars would be subjected to frankish rule, but revolt in saxony called charles away.
spilled :: his dry sense of humour spilled over into what might have been a harrowing session and by carefully chosen words and clear illustrations we came to see the value of the painstaking work required by those at the scene of a major accident.
parents :: responsibilities must be shared, therefore, between parents, teachers and the government.
glint :: damian flint murmured with a glint of mockery behind his hooded eyelids.
wakens :: he wakens me morning by morning,
prudent :: it would be prudent to allow c .
yer :: one or two members, if plied with enough alcohol, will even admit to being in yer actual raf.
l :: consonants in possible trisyllabic words for example, can the child pronounce the l in elephant or the m in umbrella?
suspected :: interior ministry sources said they suspected ultra-rightwing groups were responsible for the murder.
scawsby :: carey (his wife had gone with queen margaret), melford, scawsby and the two killers from clan chattan, corin and alleyn, swaggered into the hall.
slip :: ah, but you need not do that now, neil, she answered him feverishly, seeing him slip from her.
chamberlen :: the petition was successful in aborting chamberlen's scheme; however, it did not result in an improvement of the ecclesiastical licensing system, as the midwives had hoped.
wing :: so as an aircraft came out of the engineering wing i gave it a test.
browsed :: they browsed for a while through the streets.
recruitment :: nhs employers are now belatedly acting to recognise equal opportunity in recruitment.
sam :: but this reopens the issue of national dependence on uncle sam.
becomes :: he becomes solicitor general.
tolls :: he says that they damage roads the tolls must be reasonably priced in order to stop drivers using rat runs.
vengeful :: straw acknowledges that such anxieties are real, and promises measures to protect former gm schools and their teachers from discrimination by vengeful town halls.
masefield :: ballads and rhymes, some by masefield, were illustrated in black and gold by jack yeats.
column :: using the linomat c principle the effluent from the hplc column is sprayed onto the hptlc plates.
unknowns :: it is adequate because there are no unknowns in the situation.
frowned :: she frowned in concentration but at the same time she suddenly looked very tired, as though she should stop and sit down.
heresy :: the stannards stared at him, evidently rocked by this heresy.
turkey :: do as i do have turkey instead.
laughs :: just for laughs
soap :: gone are the days when the average man would be happy with soap on a rope in his christmas stocking.
organisations :: the report started from the premise that the problems of managing the nhs were very similar to those in other large service organisations.
tape :: video-tape, no voice over
abnormalities :: table ii shows that preventive methods are available for 51 (70%) of 73 congenital abnormality entities evaluated, and their effective application could theoretically reduce the birth prevalence of all congenital abnormalities by 60% (from 65/1000 to 26/1000).
caused :: in the case of many of freud's patients the disruption and debilitation caused by the symptoms was so extreme that they were scarcely able to carry on their lives adequately at all.
plenty :: and with land prices set to fall further, the opportunities will be there in plenty.
pointless :: what do i care about your pointless merits?
vulnerable :: it is particularly vulnerable to claims that it is acting abusively in a particular market, and must avoid discriminating between its competitors or using its market dominance in a manner which can be construed as unfair or intended to eliminate a competitor or competition.
soviet :: visit to soviet union by mulroney
stranded :: we'll be stranded, with the state of the roads around here.
antiques :: well if you see any in the antiques roadshow you'll know what to do
nathan :: nathan was still asleep.
harrogate :: and harrogate in favour.
previously :: labour, previously with only one mp, increased its share to four and the tories lost five seats.
symbols :: operators and special symbols 2.7
forced :: parish councillors were forced into making a quick decision when the gypsies began to occupy the football field.
shrouded :: it was shrouded in secrecy at that time.
taped :: video-taped report follows
solar :: twenty-four solar systems held by the enemy had recently been destroyed.
slimy :: these slimy, dark creatures were applied to his back and left there until they became so full of blood that they fell off.
assessments :: a mere listing is a judgement-free statement, whereas the paper may contain negative assessments of the cited paper.
faculty :: new accommodation was being built, and a new faculty structure was coming into place.
traditions :: well, you really must try to familiarize yourself with our traditions.
appellant :: following a fight outside a public house in which the complainant was injured, the appellant was charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent, contrary to section 18 of the offences against the person act 1861.
agreements :: the minister and i may disagree about whether the emphasis should be on voluntary or statutory agreements.
islands :: the small pox are less hurtful than in the other islands.
mild :: there's no need to be so independent, he said with mild reproof.
hamlet :: hamnet died like hamlet.
dioxide :: the uk is committed to reducing sulphur dioxide emissions to 60% of the 1980 level by 2003.
practically :: but i practically filled that this morning.
arrest :: there's a warrant out for the arrest of michael green.
skin :: professor albert kligman, director of the ageing skin clinic at the university of pennsylvania, sees this pattern of treating the skin with a combination of high-powered drugs and low-tech skin care as an omen for the future the days when cosmetic products strained to imitate the actions of a prescription-only medicine, he believes, are well and truly over.
maximised :: in addition the research aims to help frame practical recommendations about how the potential benefits of community credit unions might be maximised and how outside agencies can best help.
nicholas :: it is likely that 1992 will be a difficult year thinks chief executive nicholas barber.
turner :: their relationship had been coming to an end and miss turner's parents had arranged for her to go on a holiday to america to deter her from seeing him.
velocity :: velocity equals k t plus
halifax :: at the halifax.
sue :: tiptree road runners' sue baker, celebrating her 33rd birthday, was runner-up, 11 minutes adrift.
lot :: you find an awful lot of things talking to fred who works the filter press, y'know.
tool :: the detailed work programme is not only a tool for analysing time-scale and resources, it is also a valuable document in controlling the project once it leaves the office and work commences on site.
serbian :: at bucharest the turks had promised an amnesty for the serbian rebels, but before the sultan's authority could be established, the turkish, albanian and bosnian muslims who formed the occupying army pillaged and looted in a reign of terror which included the killing of all males over the age of fifteen in some areas, the enslavement of women and children, and the brutal torture of any serbian leaders who fell into their hands.
33 :: a normal boxer gets tired and stays tired, but why has eubank gone 33 fights without losing?
culkin :: in my book, young fred savage of tv's the wonder years would knock spots of macaulay culkin.
claret :: everything, that is, except my best claret.
toxins :: these bacteria can produce powerful toxins.
grievous :: accordingly, in clarence (1888) 22 qbd 23, a woman's agreement to sexual intercourse with her husband meant that, surprising as it is to modern ears, he was not guilty of inflicting grievous bodily harm when he infected her with vd.
impressed :: yes, he wasn't impressed.
tks :: deicing is by the (british) tks weeping wing system.
shouting :: then dimly she heard voices shouting, a gong being beaten.
bills :: (wes reads next) it's promising to cut people's phone bills by at least ten per cent.
perfect :: the set-up was perfect.
stump :: through the mist he could see the vague outlines of the priory church and followed its outline round to the ruined oak stump where lady eleanor had received her mysterious messages.
karelius :: so did karelius.
cab :: as the cab of the engine moved on to the bridge the engine fell through, the cab falling first, on to the car that was passing underneath.
fontana :: the fontana amorosa.
negatively :: accept the fact that some buyers will inevitably respond negatively, but be confident that more will buy than if no close had been used.
maria :: you're right, maria, i don't deserve
chosen :: they were organized into fourteen sections, each under the command of a captain and a sergeant-major, both of whom were chosen by the municipal council from amongst the most important landowners in the region.
ivor :: ivor thought she might have gone through his briefcase and found a letter from me.
polite :: however, when you meet sean young she's disarmingly polite and looks as if butter wouldn't melt in her mouth.
departure :: the build-up of leaks and stories from such occasions created a cumulative impression of a truly over-mighty premiership long before heseltine's departure.
dill :: stir in the chopped dill and the fresh cream.
illustration :: product particulars relating to midland pensions including details of charges will be provided with your illustration.
worn :: always wear the right clothing for the activity you choose clothing worn too tight can hinder circulation.
sergeant :: the sergeant came up from the rear to join charles as they left the carriageway and took the long asphalt path that leads diagonally away to marble arch.
supportive :: though the government is supportive, companies foot most of the bill.
gaze :: he straightened up easily as he spoke, and the lidded gaze moved laconically down over the outline of her body beneath the thin bedcover.
neutralize :: oxygen, too, began to increase faster than new sinks could neutralize it, or before it could be buried in sediments.
puppy :: i hope that mr cunningham will go to his senior common room to borrow a copy of the mail on sunday , where he is, in effect, told off by maeve binchy: it's a story where almost all sex is joyful, a lot of it carefree, most of it responsible in that puppy-like lysander the main character usually remembers his condom.
address :: miss matlock can give you her address.
plates :: the early sea urchins tend to have rather a large number of plates in a much less regular mosaic than their later relatives.
daily :: this daily media obsession with diana further burdened her already overstretched mental and physical resources.
competitiveness :: he found the fast-paced cut and thrust of particle physics, with its aggressive competitiveness, not to his taste.
prevented :: during wartime and the postwar era of government price control, electricity undertakings had in many cases been prevented from raising domestic tariffs to meet increased costs, and had drawn instead on their reserves and on the automatic increases paid by larger (mainly industrial) consumers under the coalcost increase clause of their special tariffs.
mangy :: thought he was a fucking boy scout before, said a girl in a mangy fur coat.
syllabic :: 5.10 syllabic alternations
rise :: the shortage of land for development has caused the price of land to rise.
program :: teaching style and program design
connection :: two people have appeared in court charged in connection with the break-in at the offices from where papers referring to mr ashdown's private life were stolen.
confidential :: in addition to this breach of the moral duty of fidelity, the court appears to have been concerned with the risk of confidential information being passed to competitors, because it was satisfied that the plaintiffs did own certain business secrets of which the employees had knowledge.
circle :: calling out one's own name, each in turn, going round in a circle.
fifths :: the claim to competence in carrying out school evaluation made by four fifths of oxfordshire teachers should be seen in the light of these limited strategies, espoused also by four-fifths of them.
akamas :: at the end polyxena looks back as akamas leads her away a prisoner.
conclusion :: for one corporeal hereditament to fall within the curtilage of another the former must be so intimately associated with the latter as to lead to the conclusion that the former in truth forms part and parcel of the latter (methuen-campbell v walters).
fiction :: fiction : a tan will protect you from the sun.
nun :: there were not many passengers on the ferry a handful of english and irish, with one nun.
extravagant :: it would be an extravagant use of parliamentary time to require new legislation for changes of this kind.
furiously :: ablett argued furiously with referee ken redfern that he'd made a clean challenge on the inspirational mcallister.
double :: francis has left you well over double what would be regarded as the floor in this case.
sons :: they had one daughter and four sons.
module :: variant-of module name last-checked-issue issue number
destined :: brake unit assembly destined for the cranwell aviation heritage centre in need of identification.
disposal :: conversely, if developing countries dislike being used as illicit rubbish dumps, they must devote much more cash and effort to improving the quality of their own waste-disposal facilities, and preventing illegal dumping.
constitute :: what it is in general for a thing a to have the power to produce b is for it to be true that an individual property or properties of a, together with other things, will constitute a causal circumstance for b.
playful :: the playful little animals were abandoned on the same day they were thoughtlessly handed over as presents.
expo :: all of these have obvious relevance to the running of expo, but not a great deal to the maintenance of a high tech culture.
shortage :: the city already has a shortage of hotel rooms.
rode :: so she had to ride back on the she rode back on the
utility :: there are some utility furniture designs up here.
hardly :: the contrast between these two extracts and the rank philistinism exhibited in the previous quotation could hardly be greater.
soles :: thermoplastic: a synthetic rubber related to resin-rubber but which can be fused by heat and therefore processed into soles by injection moulding.
separatism :: this decision, inspired by pure separatism, was graduated separatism.
humans :: there's more humans in this place than i've ever seen before.
student :: student and opposition protest recurred during may and june, matched on the abidjan university campus and in the capital's streets by military and police repression.
bates :: the decision has since been applied in department of the environment v thomas bates son ltd 1990 2 all er 943.
lloyd :: it would appear to be an astonishingly generous offer to the game in this country, given that the only person who stands to lose out of such a venture is lloyd himself.
african :: the african experience has not justified this assumption.
absolute :: absolute (or original) beauty does not proceed from any comparison with something it is supposed to imitate.
gerry :: celtic travel to lisbon with a single goal advantage, thanks in the main to gerry creaney and pat bonner.
7.5 :: for the 1775 children with information on respiratory illness but not included in that analysis because of other missing data the prevalence of asthma attacks was 7.5%, bronchitis 1.8%, cough first thing in the morning 6.8%, cough at other times 14.8%, chest ever wheezy 11.0%, and wheezy chest most days 3.6% compared with 5.3%, 2.1%, 4.2%, 11.3%, 12.3%, and 2.6% for those included.
association :: they will attend the 1992 british sports association for the disabled/variety club swimming championship from february 29 to march 1 at the dolphin centre.
cabinet :: i mean, mrs 's son was a cabinet maker and the boss's son was there and then there was another paul .
damned :: he was damned if he was going to code the easy way, using the computer.
statistic :: the statistic would be called a five-quarter centred moving average.
regularly :: wales have not yet been regularly dominated by england in the way that france and ireland have been recently.
ousted :: resigned as welsh secretary on eve of mid-staffs by-election, fuelling speculation that thatcher would be ousted.
1988/89 :: overall shipments of fruit abroad earned 524 million for chile in foreign currency during 1988/89.
39 :: the second most popular one was good level of general fitness' , mentioned by 47 per cent, followed by appearance/tidiness (39 per cent) and specific physical attributes (36 per cent).
bullseye :: as well as central news, there would be dramas, like auf wiedersehen pet, there were game-shows like bullseye, the phenominally successful, blockbustersand central broke new ground with entertainment and comedy shows like spitting image.
generation :: that added to the bitterness which has lived on from generation to generation.
unauthorised :: don't worry about unauthorised payments, these will be reversed immediately by your branch.
leaflet :: (election leaflet 1920.)
acquainted :: he'd become acquainted with her only hours before the hearing and would forget her minutes afterwards.
chief :: the chief political directorate also possesses its own military academy (the lenin military-political academy) and journal (communist of the armed forces).
sweetly :: you will take that into account, won't you? she asked sweetly.
mexico :: marbel, mexico city.
slightest :: now that the sun is passing through your own birth sign, you are certain to be at your most forthright, purposeful and ready to go into battle at the slightest provocation.
latter :: of this latter group, a considerable number have offices at the chastel des larmes chaudes; and one of them in particular, having just had a report from his senior operations manager, was not happy at all.
o'dalaigh :: people who attended were, by and large, enthusiastic about the show but to us the whole thing was a nightmare, says o'dalaigh.
shakey :: shivery, shakey, o!
cycle :: these are summarized in the life-cycle diagram of fig. 16.1.
dress :: charles felt a bit starchy in battle dress which had only just been issued to the ta.
rank :: for most months i have included titles that i think are worth having a go with, although they may not figure in the first rank.
loan :: get a loan from the bank?
fertilise :: this is the fact that most, if not all, female birds store sperm after mating, before using it to fertilise their eggs.
misleading :: again, the provisions broadly only apply to acts in the uk and it is a defence to show that a person reasonably believed that his act or conduct would not create and impression that was false or misleading.
semi :: holywood have already used the valley synthetic pitch twice during their run to the semi-finals, and may consider going there again, or even to the new pitch at jordanstown.
overdone :: had she overdone it?
deaths :: a comparison of observed young cancer deaths in copeland with expected deaths shows even greater elevation in the years 1974 to 1980.
outlaw :: and since there is no place in the known world which is not the kha-khan's domain, you would be an outlaw.
housing :: bangkok land is investing a further 1.4 billion in three massive housing complexes in beijing.
solicitors :: with him was andrew peck, a partner at sherwin oliver solicitors, one of hampshire's leading commercial law firms, who assisted him in the deal.
forged :: by opening himself, he had forged another bond, which drew vologsky out of his safe, ordered shell and-exposed him to the ravages of unrestrained speculation.
historical :: what i am getting at is that, in these historical cases, egalitarian ideas were tied in with the presumption that the proposition all men are born equal can be glossed all men (who are people like us) are born equal.
peacemaking :: mr baker must keep up the peacemaking.
spread :: she rose and stood at the window looking down at the town spread out below, the long streets, the women bustling about their business, skirts awry, tugged by the ever-strengthening wind.
candidates :: if you are going to take notes, let the candidate know at this stage, explain that you do it for all the candidates, and that they are nothing sinister but simply a memory aid.
occurred :: as it has been pursued, shifts in the internationalization of capital in the uk have occurred.
plus :: so it's x plus two three x plus three plus three x
truly :: try to see a given situation as it truly is when not enhanced by the torture inflicted by your imagination.
impact :: impact of gulf war
elementary :: everyone enjoyed the stimulating sessions of elementary dance, music and rhythmics and varied medau work given by alexa hahn, gisela spiess-jaenicke, katarina hutz-medau and annet kramer respectively.
replied :: i refuse to help you, campbell replied.
ceased :: german attacks wavered, then virtually ceased; though spasmodic fighting continued until 22 november, intense cold brought large-scale activities to an end.
boiling :: he was pouring boiling water on to the tea.
duke :: it is entirely appropriate that racehorses should be trained in that setting, for lady anne's grandfather was the 6th duke of portland, owner of the legendary racehorse and sire st simon.
nuance :: in each of these examples, however, the nuance is too fugitive to provide uncontroversial basis for discussion.
lease :: a notice under s 146 of the law of property act 1925 need not have been served and the lessor may rely simply on his right of re-entry, assuming such be contained in the lease or tenancy agreement.
nizan :: nizan's entry to the party coincided with his marriage to henriette alphen.
admit :: the pentagon's own fault, really, although you can't expect them to admit this.
1935 :: on 16 may 1935 he told the king of his intention to resign.
19 :: financial times 19 december
qualification :: corporate qualification programmes
refers :: that thought is contained in the word wedding which refers to this biblical idea of being indissolubly wedded to each other.
pork :: well pork isn't an any now is it?
featherbrained :: i've been waiting for that featherbrained bird to buzz off, said the frog.
distinguishing :: with this offence, the conceptual and linguistic problem raised by olugboja of distinguishing consent from submission is avoided and the task of the prosecution rendered far easier.
desk :: in london, dougal munro was working at his desk when jack carter came in.
scare :: it doesn't scare me.
rob :: i like rob, you know.
boz :: then the door was flung open and boz stood in the doorway, wild-eyed and angry.
mischievous :: is he married? she asked with a mischievous glint in her eye.
lucifer :: and the devil the angel lucifer, and the apple of god's eye wanted to be equal with god.
central :: midland group central and london-based carlton are among those believed to be interested in expansion, on the grounds it could result in savings of up to 100m in the network.
acknowledge :: they acknowledge their sin in heeding the warnings and the wild stories of the majority of the spies.
parliament :: for ministers to ignore parliament completely would prove equally untenable.
associated :: the spirit becomes in effect a weak counterpart to the male logos: i say weak because clearly the spirit is not differentiated in the sense in which the logos is associated with a male human being.
produced :: incomplete restriction sites produced on the junctions with linkers and adapters are indicated by enzymes with asterisks.
stronger :: you could compensate for a too-stiff rod and poor reflexes reflexes which you need for easing off when the hook bites into a lip by using a stronger line.
possession :: third, is the security interest possessory in the sense that possession, either actual or constructive, of the property subject to the security is necessary in order to confer a security interest on the security holder?
gas :: the company had a good idea of the saleability and value of nerco's oil and gas interests, he said.
audience :: the audience held its breath.
mere :: on the other hand, after the fall there is a spiritual and moral dimension to doubt which transcends the mere uncertainty concerning a theory of knowing.
breakdown :: do you think i'm having a nervous breakdown?
codes :: an explanation of the error codes can be found in appendix g or by pressing the help key.
platform :: thorn said that midsummer sunset was observed from a small platform on a steep hillside overlooking the stone.
boating :: when whittlesey mere was drained in the 1850s, a heap of dressed stone was found at the bottom of the lake, evidence of a medieval boating accident.
server :: that one, but i actually got onto the the server.
1975 :: n. daniels, oxford, 1975, to which all page references refer.
stuck :: we then voted on a lengthy liberal resolution er, it was amended by labour we voted on all of the separate points in the resolution, all were agreed and then professor decided that he wanted to move a further amendment which after some consultation, some discussion with the legal people about it's validity, he did which wiped out all of the things that we'd just agreed and we turned to the original conservative motion minus the beginning phrase and with a couple of things stuck on at the end and we thought well that's it the conservatives will vote for that, but no although it was their own motion in all but name, the conservatives wouldn't vote for that unless mr was allowed to move it.
crushed :: 2 garlic cloves, crushed
20s :: without an art school training, romanowski, now in his late 20s, has taught himself the methods of the masters through reproductions in books and paintings hanging on gallery walls.
grinned :: ranulf grinned and relaxed.
1908 :: ray was educated at kensington high school and newnham college, cambridge, where she received a third class in part i of the mathematics tripos (1908).
americans :: another consequence of the crisis was the resumption, first by the ussr and then by the americans, of nuclear tests in the atmosphere.
sandy :: this too was the strongest argument offered in favour of one sandy forbes, who hoped for the office of surgeon's mate of the sutherland fencibles in 1779, though in his case he clearly intended to be an officer in name only for he intended to apply for leave to complete his degree at edinburgh university and to sail for india as an officer of an east indiaman at the first suitable opportunity.
rebecca :: no no that rebecca's new coat?
zeno :: zeno lifted a hand to say goodbye: a quick salute.
faded :: then the clouds came over and the colours faded.
fetched :: oh, she could of fetched them home
suspect :: because over the coming months i suspect that as a result of the e p a you are going to be called on more and more for information, for putting out press releases, for talking to people, for talking on the telephone, i mean, every single newspaper now seems to have an environmental reporter, and you're going to be, i suspect, right in the forefront of it.
arsed :: the birds, the bollocks, the bodily functions the whole wisecracking, can't be arsed, northern git trip has returned.
autumn :: when it launched a complete make-up range last autumn, it introduced mirror image consultation, a new way of selling which is so simple that all the other companies were left wondering why they hadn't thought of it first.
deployment :: the deployment of current resources within a coherent, unified service, the adaptation of the use to which off-site units are put, the mobilization of resources from within the special schools sector and the imaginative employment of in-service training each provide some opportunity for developments in the very immediate future.
triumphs :: the women regard this one of the great triumphs of coppes, ad previously the food was very low nutritive value and unhygienically prepared, the source of continuous gastro-enteritic disorders.
slept :: perhaps he slept.
commented :: on the state of the relationship between the prison service and the home office, the may committee commented:
whilst :: that role made possible his nomination; he was elected as an outsider and, by his own admission, he never ceased being one whilst in office.
masterpiece :: let us fervently hope that you will be able to return the masterpiece to the walls of the winter palace.
tyneside :: the urban nature of the british population was recognized in 1951 with the designation of six conurbations in england and wales (london, merseyside, south-east lancashire, tyneside, west yorkshire, and the west midlands) accounting for 35 per cent of the population, together with clydeside, which held 35 per cent of scotland's people.
kathmandu :: a late morning direct flight takes you to kathmandu where you will stay at the oberoi soaltee hotel for 2 nights.
a3 :: the dinucleotide gpu could not stabilize the rna polymerase-promoter complex formed at p a2b , but produced a partial protection from heparin challenge in the case of p a3 .
radionuclides :: for a small group of workers, however, who had experienced above average external exposure and had also been monitored for internal contamination by radionuclides, the mortality from cancer of the prostate gland and the lung was raised (beral et al, 1988).
wives :: but from then onwards, they were always asking me to join, but by then i had already opened a young wives' belonging to the church.
scrapped :: then the bonn government leaned on germany's aerospace industry chiefs so hard that they scrapped the whole event.
claude :: and further second half tries from claude sirvent and pierre chamorin had wales on the rack.
purl :: next row: purl.
vantage :: from the camera's vantage point, twenty li out from the spaceship, it was hard to tell its scale.
cataloguing :: it'd add to the lengthiness of the business of cataloguing, but it would enrich the archive's use, i think, increase its importance as a socio-historical source.
lions :: who'll win the mackeson will it be the young lions from naunton or the grand old duke from ford the race is on
specific :: the language is reasonably powerful, if you have the time to work out how to best perform specific tasks.
de :: open up de books in de vatican
stocky :: willi's strong, stocky body inserted itself under the direktor's arm and he supported him out through the theatre door towards the car.
represents :: the eclipse, late on the 9th, represents something of a cosmic milestone, especially if you're an early june birthday.
forehead :: i saw it, thomas replied, touching his forehead lightly with his fingers.
sources :: pollution control problems arise from the number and variety of industrial and manufacturing processes employed in industries set in an entirely urban environment, since domestic sources, with few exceptions, are efficiently treated in a small number of large sewage works.
q.v :: the book of cupid , his one surviving work, is a piece of sufficient merit to have been thought until the nineteenth century to have been written by his friend geoffrey chaucer q.v..
goal :: a goal is any state with eight pieces on the board.
poland :: but in less than a year poland and hungary had proved otherwise and now you have the strongest of the strong, the east germans, jumping out like water from a bucket with a hole in it.
nigeria :: now they supply a boutique in nigeria one which is keen to buy black british style.
chromatic :: generally speaking, notes which move from chromatic to diatonic, or from non-chordal to chordal, provide the strongest vehicle for creating the tension and release upon which effective jazz improvisation depends.
facing :: my most significant thought about facing up to age was that we all do it in our own way.
birth :: as the example of table 7 shows, both late fetal and early neonatal mortality rise steadily with decreasing birth weight.
percent :: well i think that's, i think you can categorize, you can say right e , the effectiveness is if you spend seventy five percent of your effort getting prospect accounts on, but you still use twenty five percent of it, to, to
1.88 :: this was measured as tons collected per man-day (buffalo 2.55; rochester 1.88).
glassie :: the next set of materials, house forms, has been most fully studied by glassie in an analysis of eighteenth-century extant folk housing in middle virginia.
diamond :: tv presenter anne diamond has given birth to a boy her first child since her son sebastian died tragically in his cot.
30 :: 30 april 1985
sixties :: if your mother was into flower-power in the sixties, these are the kind of clothes she would have worn.
spatial :: this argument is based on the fact that x-cells have better spatial resolution than y-cells while the latter have better temporal resolution, plus the fact that y-cells tend to respond only transiently to sustained contrast.
hanging :: henry was hanging on to his mother.
sandra :: what sort of life was that, sandra ruminated.
hours :: israel and plo to close deal in 24 hours
provision :: an underlying theme of change since the early 1980s which has sometimes been buried in the overall conflict over spending levels has been a move towards the privatization of services: that is, the replacement of previously direct local government provision by the provision of services by commercial enterprises under contract to local authorities.
believes :: a believes 5
sternly :: he looked at her sternly.
capita :: gnp per capita: not available.
hong :: in simpkin hong kong has a man of proven international calibre.
ea :: fit ea slip easier.
socialist :: he is a socialist, a journalist and regional politician.
unconnected :: unconnected with ego
door :: but with anything less than a gale the house filled with smoke and the door had to be opened.
ladders :: range of fold-up aluminium loft ladders
gazing :: more like a full metamorphosis, he drawled, leaning back against the huge, craggy trunk of the tree and gazing at her with wicked eyes.
evasively :: oh, i like to be busy, she said evasively.
final :: the decision of he judges is final, as is that of the editor in all other matters affecting the competition.
acquire :: where did you acquire your knowledge?
linguistic :: the committee took the view that lawyers are unapproachable because of the inaccessibility of premises and their unwelcoming nature, because the methods of work do not tie in with the needs of clients, and because of a lack of response to the needs of linguistic minorities.
optic :: for him the reworking of familiar images is not simply a matter of drawing attention to the way in which mass-reproduction numbs the optic nerves, by shocking the spectator with a moustached mona lisa, but rather, using a peculiar blend of both iconoclasm and a sort of wry homage, of investigating the power of certain images, particularly those which have national resonance.
deaf :: i would suggest that in the bda and in the world of the adult deaf as a whole, there has been a movement from working for deaf people to working with them
mast :: jerry's eyelids are at half-mast.
drainpipe :: we we used to get erm at the chapel meetings we used to get erm paper, newspaper and put up a s guttering, a spout you know, a drainpipe, and put a match to it.
noted :: the ec, the washington post report noted see above, had not given any promise that it would renew the current association agreement when it expired in december.
d'you :: what d'you mean back it up?
rimmed :: the grey skin; the red-rimmed eyes; the sunken cheeks.
growing :: in the far east, where britain had been so successful in defeating communist terrorism, there was also growing instability.
understandable :: colours unlimited have recently launched the perspector, manufactured in polished wood and brass, which makes perspective drawing understandable.
venom :: why, it was barely teetering yet, the venom that the monster spat was of little consequence whilst it had no final reminder to reproach her with.
generalization :: a case might be made for this (although there is no other evidence for it) and so substantive interference in ulpian's text could be taken to be limited to generalization or to the addition of per omnia .
excuse :: the industry which we are part of is in excuse me, is in er sorry about this i've dashed across here
examined :: the campbell examined the map.
flannel :: agnes fogerty, quiet and still as a mouse, and not unlike that timid animal in her much-pressed grey flannel skirt and twin-set to match, stood oblivious of the chaos around her.
maw :: it was hubert who, having teased, now eased by suggesting a save flora from the maw of the raj campaign.
warehouse :: riddel's warehouse in ann street was completed in 1867, and is owned by the government.
mower :: a slight adjustment to the mower and poof!
victorian :: we had presumed, i think fairly reasonably, that this particular gentleman would figure large in any lecture on victorian times.
seth :: seth had it all worked out.
drives :: he drives us on.
saint :: here also is the celebrated tomb of saint xavier.
named :: but after persistently arguing that big named firms do not automatically do a better job, he feels that the firm is finally beginning to make headway.
printed :: there were passing references to section 8 in the printed cases submitted to the house of lords by the parties, but the section does not appear to have been mentioned in the course of oral argument.
leisure :: swansea city leisure centre, marina, maritime museum, plantasia tropical plant house.
slowly :: output has fallen more slowly this time, and unemployment has risen less fast.
solomonic :: they include poetry of the renaissance period known as the solomonic enlightenment.
hedblom :: the outcome is that an industry which has skilfully managed to convert a chemical with meagre medical justification and considerable potential for harm (grinspoon and hedblom 1975) into a legitimate drug, remained free from federal control to go on manufacturing, distributing, and advertising it.
bloomsbury :: book review / sorrow drowned: the waterline joseph olshan: bloomsbury 12.95 pounds
space :: because the reef is such a crowded environment the competition for food and space is ever-present.
knife :: her hair she had hacked short with her knife.
commodity :: a firm of commodity brokers sought advice from a computer consultant on the installation of a computer system.
chaos :: as we are beginning to see, however, these people generate their own rules for ordering their lives, they do not just exist in the middle of chaos.
endanger :: er that he had received a prison sentence er for in fact being in possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life.
ammunition :: put it in writing as ammunition.
altering :: the control panel is a set of utilities for controlling and altering the operation of your computer.
malcolm :: he knew i worked with malcolm because he was one of the few teachers i could have a conversation with about something more than homework or football.
jewels :: he's also the biggest receiver of stolen jewels in london.
mongolian :: kleymenov, deputy head of general headquarters of the soviet armed forces in ulan bator, ended with an agreement in early march that all remaining soviet troops would be withdrawn from mongolian soil; the operation would begin in 1991 and be completed by 1992.
grown :: (the number had grown since 1832 because of increased wealth and population.)
chinese :: he indicated, on a point of particular importance to the chinese, that the withdrawal of a substantial number of the soviet troops stationed in mongolia was under active consideration; and he announced that six soviet regiments were being withdrawn from afghanistan.
indispensable :: you don't miss it until somebody tells you that you need it, then you regard it as indispensable.
functions :: its functions and those of the police magistrate were consolidated in the office of police magistrate.
grow :: they're confused and disorientated and as time goes on, the risk is going to grow that they will strand themselves on land because they won't be feeding and will become progressively weaker.
covers :: type 7 his book covers most that need be said on the subject.
avon :: celia brown's(1986) study was carried out in two districts of avon county; 23 parents were interviewed and a further two completed questionnaires.
robert :: are you starting robert?
dialogue :: you will find that being actively involved in this dialogue is interesting and enjoyable.
difficulties :: respondents other than the law society thought that the supposed difficulties of including advice agencies in franchising had been exaggerated; their involvement should indeed be encouraged, and would require additional resources.
inner :: (1973) discovered, for most of the post-war period the political interests of both the labour-held city authorities and the surrounding tory-controlled shire counties were best served by restricting the outward movement of the lower-paid considerations which, along with other factors, led to the encouragement of high-rise apartment blocks on redeveloped sites in inner urban areas.
overspending :: the quality of programmes may now be affected as cash cuts to offset the overspending are needed.
referendum :: on jan. 25 a debate in the assembly of bosnia-hercegovina, boycotted by serbian parties, endorsed a referendum on the republic's sovereignty to be held on feb. 29-march 1.
terse :: one brief terse answer is'**** all!
prepare :: the family were here, with other security representatives, to prepare for the forthcoming royal visit.
exchanges :: exchanges accept the rie package for various reasons.
vanquish :: struggle as he might, john major could do nothing to vanquish his own success.
acutely :: anxiously he watched them, acutely aware that they were no longer alone in the maze of corridors of the system.
recession :: however, the combined effects of the recession and greater competition caused by the opening of new hotels in nearby telford, together with a narrow marketing plan, have resulted in bedroom occupancy falling short of the cassons' achieved target of 50%.
kelly :: e dawson i kelly (llangollen) 41, 3.
dramatically :: these can vary dramatically within quite small geographical areas.
yo :: yo you remember it?
catalogue :: our convenient catalogue service offers
attaches :: immense and quite detailed power now attaches to that office and, to a greater or lesser degree, depending on the actual holder, on the civil service and particularly the department of education and science.
newcastle :: sporting award: newcastle gosforth.
scientist :: new scientist 7 august
reduce :: one person's reception of them does not reduce the ability of others to receive them.
slips :: she says, i'll bring your duvet in a minute, and she slips into her bedroom and shuts the door.
8.9 :: 8.9 restoration revealed by radiography.
recovering :: your baby is recovering well, but she is a girl.
texts :: and this also makes possible the minor type of conceptual relativism in which texts are construed in different ways.
caressing :: yes, go, you misbegotten hound! added lady merchiston in the caressing tone she reserved only for her pet.
post :: in the changing circumstances of the post-war university such a position became increasingly untenable.
liquefied :: at least 58 people died and more than 100 others were injured in bangkok on sept. 24 when a truck carrying two tanks of liquefied petroleum gas (lpg) crashed and exploded.
downing :: the draft went to the treasury and on thursday 31 january i went over to downing street for cabinet.
skip :: helpful hint: skip the very long first half and take your seat after the interval.
authority :: the health authority now says it'll listen to other views.
dismissed :: on thursday, 26 march, this court dismissed this appellant's appeal against conviction.
hewitt :: halford hewitt cup
cartoon :: in a recent episode of a music television cartoon called beavis and butthead, the characters play with fire.
absorb :: the market was too bad, some said, to absorb such a quantity of high quality work at one gulp.
dinner :: what's for dinner?
facility :: who should decide which officers should attend; (ii) the chief executive should notify the other parties, and offer a similar facility (widdicombe 1986: 154).
nourishing :: she couldn't believe that they had had anything at all nourishing in shepton.
outcast :: danielle had always been a popular person, ever since she was a child, so feeling like a social outcast now made it all the more difficult.
presenting :: ways of presenting documentary sources
universally :: the second caveat is that this generalization, like most, while generally applicable, is not universally so.
1976 :: what is hard to dispute, however, is that the callaghan government in 1976 and the thatcher government in 1982 managed dangerous crises with care and skill.
defines :: but, if goody is going to draw significant consequences from what he defines as literacy, then it is important to be clear as to just what it is that is supposed to have these consequences.
influences :: it considers their employment status at the time of the survey, the likelihood of being in or about to start work according to the it subject studied, the type of institution attended and other key influences.
streets :: other streets or lanes have been found at tullie house, castle street and keays lane, but their alignments and positions do not fit a regular, rectangular grid.
skills :: every nurse needs to develop psychological and social skills as well as manual skills in order to maintain an effective nurse/patient relationship while the patient requires it; and these skills are also required to relinquish the relationship when appropriate.
campus :: its importance is that it provides a potential link from heriot-watt university campus to the residential areas of currie and juniper green.
vapour :: bush retreats on vapour traps
marlin :: burglars made off with a 350 marlin cycle after breaking into a house in wycombe street, darlington, on sunday afternoon.
broadminded :: my parents are broadminded, liberal and understanding to the extent that i probably could never match.
bounded :: all along the terrace, on the low wall that bounded it, stood the statuary his father had once told him had been placed there by whoever inhabited the place before hilbert and lilian came.
grin :: john's face broke into a grin; i could see it reflected in the windowpane.
empty :: the room was empty.
tributes :: pam, most of the morning papers of course, have had er, glowing tributes, quite rightly so, to danny blanchflower, we've had a lot of people on this morning saying that we'll never see his like again.
ken :: late that evening, ken barrington suffered a heart attack and died.
sacked :: in that case, the civil servant should be sacked.
finding :: while this is a common finding amongst researchers (see pp. 1617 below), it is the interpretation which radical feminists put on these findings that is significant.
leaves :: he made a series of boats out of what lay around scraps of paper, leaves, tree bark.
