theotokos :: theotokos ( greek ) is a title of mary , mother of god , used especially in eastern christianity . 
chrysoberyl :: the mineral or gemstone chrysoberyl is an aluminate of beryllium with the formula bealo. the name chrysoberyl is derived from the greek words χρυσός " chrysos " and βήρυλλος " beryllos " , meaning " a gold - white spar " . 
biodiversity :: biodiversity , a portmanteau of " bio " ( life ) and " diversity " , generally refers to the variety and variability of life on earth . 
buzzkunst :: buzzkunst is the first and , to date , only studio album by former buzzcocks members pete shelley and howard devoto , under the name shelleydevoto . 
isoleucine :: isoleucine ( abbreviated as ile or i ) encoded by the codons att , atc , ata is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
hitchhiking :: hitchhiking ( also known as thumbing , hitching , or autostop ) is a means of transportation that is gained by asking people , usually strangers , for a ride in their automobile or other vehicle . 
shrub :: a shrub or bush is a small to medium - sized woody plant . 
morta :: morta ( died c. 1263 ) was wife of mindaugas , the first known ruler of the grand duchy of lithuania . 
pandrosus :: pandrosos or pandrosus ( ancient greek : πάνδροσος ) was known in greek myth as one of the three daughters of kekrops , the first king of athens , along with her sisters aglauros and herse . 
monism :: monism is the view that attributes oneness or singleness ( greek : μόνος ) to a concept ( e.g. , existence ) . 
gravy :: gravy is a sauce often made from the juices of meats that run naturally during cooking and tightened with wheat flour or cornstarch for added texture . 
provirus :: a provirus is a virus genome that is integrated into the dna of a host cell . 
lyrics :: lyrics are words that make up a song usually consisting of verses and choruses . 
maenad :: in greek mythology , maenads (; ) were the female followers of dionysus and the most significant members of the thiasus , the god 's retinue . 
azerbaijan :: azerbaijan ( , or ; ] ) , officially the republic of azerbaijan ( ] ) , is a country in the south caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of southwest asia and southeastern europe . 
ammonia :: ammonia or azane is a compound of nitrogen and hydrogen with the formula nh . 
retronym :: a retronym is a word created to differentiate between two words , where previously no clarification was required . 
abbess :: in christianity , an abbess ( latin " abbatissa " , feminine form of " abbas , " abbot ) is the female superior of a community of nuns , which is often an abbey . 
apocrypha :: apocrypha are works , usually written , of unknown authorship or of doubtful origin . 
placenta :: the " ' placenta " is an organ that connects the developing fetus to the uterine wall to allow nutrient uptake , thermo - regulation , waste elimination , and gas exchange via the mother 's blood supply ; to fight against internal infection ; and to produce hormones which support pregnancy . 
lutetium :: lutetium is a chemical element with symbol lu and atomic number 71 . 
dido :: dido ( , ) was , according to ancient greek and roman sources , the founder and first queen of carthage ( modern - day tunisia ) . 
amraphel :: in the hebrew bible , amraphel ( " ’amrāp̄el " ) was a king of shinar ( sumer ) in genesis 14 , who invaded canaan along with other kings under the leadership of chedorlaomer , king of elam . 
quran :: the quran (; ' , literally meaning " the recitation " ; also romanized qur'an or koran " ' ) is the central religious text of islam , which muslims believe to be a revelation from god ( " allah " ) . 
mores :: mores ( sometimes ; from latin " mōrēs " , , plural form of singular " mōs " , meaning " manner " , " custom " , " usage " , " habit " ) was introduced from english into american english by william graham sumner ( 1840–1910 ) , an early u.s. sociologist , to refer to social norms that are widely observed and are considered to have greater moral significance than others . 
ares :: ares (; ) is the greek god of war . 
nickel :: nickel is a chemical element with symbol ni and atomic number 28 . 
lesbian :: a lesbian is a female homosexual : a female who experiences romantic love or sexual attraction to other females . 
rhyolite :: rhyolite is an igneous , volcanic rock , of felsic ( silica - rich ) composition ( typically > 69% sio – see the tas classification ) . 
blog :: a blog ( a truncation of the expression " weblog " ) is a discussion or informational website published on the world wide web consisting of discrete , often informal diary - style text entries ( " posts " ) . 
coconut :: the coconut tree ( " cocos nucifera " ) is a member of the family arecaceae ( palm family ) and the only species of the genus " cocos " . 
hordeum :: hordeum is a genus of annual and perennial plants in the grass family . 
pomerania :: pomerania (; german and swedish : " pommern " ; kashubian : " pòmòrskô " ) is a region on the southern shore of the baltic sea in central europe , split between germany and poland . 
isolationism :: isolationism is a category of foreign policies institutionalized by leaders who asserted that their nations ' best interests were best served by keeping the affairs of other countries at a distance . 
neper :: the neper ( symbol : np ) is a logarithmic unit for ratios of measurements of physical field and power quantities , such as gain and loss of electronic signals . 
acridine :: acridine is an organic compound and a nitrogen heterocycle with the formula chn . 
engagement :: an engagement , betrothal , or fiancer is a promise to we d , and also the period of time between a marriage proposal and a marriage . 
cucurbitaceae :: the cucurbitaceae , also called cucurbits and the gourd family , are a plant family consisting of about 965 species in around 95 genera , the most important of which are : the plants in this family are grown around the tropics and in temperate areas , where those with edible fruits were among the earliest cultivated plants both in the old and new worlds . 
berry :: in everyday language , a berry is a small , pulpy , and often edible fruit . 
zutphen :: zutphen ( ) is a dutch city located in the province of gelderland . 
tantra :: tantra ( sanskrit : तन्त्र ; literally " loom , weave , system " ) denotes the esoteric traditions of hinduism and buddhism that co - developed most likely about the middle of 1st millennium ce . 
wharf :: a wharf , quay ( , also or ) , staith or staithe is a structure on the shore of a harbor or on the bank of a river or canal where ships may dock to load and unload cargo or passengers . 
aradia :: aradia is one of the principal figures in the american folklorist charles godfrey leland 's 1899 work " aradia , or the gospel of the witches " , which he believed to be a genuine religious text used by a group of pagan witches in tuscany , a claim that has subsequently been disputed by other folklorists and historians . 
ur :: ur ( sumerian : " urim " ; sumerian cuneiform : or ; akkadian : " uru " ; ) was an important sumerian city - state in ancient mesopotamia , located at the site of modern tell el - muqayyar ( ) in south iraq 's dhi qar governorate . 
reversi :: reversi is a strategy board game for two players , played on an 8×8 uncheckered board . 
avignon :: avignon (; ; , ) is a commune in south - eastern france in the department of vaucluse on the left bank of the rhône river . 
muskellunge :: the muskellunge " ( esox masquinongy ) " , also known as muskelunge , muscallonge , milliganong , or maskinonge ( and often abbreviated " muskie " or " musky " ) , is a species of large , relatively uncommon freshwater fish native to north america . 
haute-marne :: haute - marne ( ) is a department in the northeast of france named after the marne river . 
perestroika :: perestroika ( ) was a political movement for reformation within the communist party of the soviet union during the 1980s until 1991 widely associated with soviet leader mikhail gorbachev and his glasnost ( meaning " openness " ) policy reform . 
cardinality :: in mathematics , the cardinality of a set is a measure of the " number of elements of the set " . 
asymptote :: in analytic geometry , an asymptote ( ) of a curve is a line such that the distance between the curve and the line approaches zero as one or both of the " x " or " y " coordinates tends to infinity . 
renminbi :: the renminbi ( ab . : rmb ; ; sign : 元 ; code : cny ) is the official currency of the people 's republic of china . 
welwitschia :: welwitschia is a monotypic gymnosperm genus , comprising solely the distinctive " welwitschia mirabilis " . 
dragon :: a dragon is a legendary creature , typically scaled or fire - spewing and with serpentine , reptilian or avian traits , that features in the myths of many cultures around world . 
flute :: the flute is a family of musical instruments in the woodwind group . 
greenland :: greenland (; , ; , ) is an autonomous constituent country within the kingdom of denmark between the arctic and atlantic oceans , east of the canadian arctic archipelago . 
catia :: catia ( an acronym of computer aided three - dimensional interactive application , pronounced ) is a multi - platform software suite for computer - aided design ( cad ) , computer - aided manufacturing ( cam ) , computer - aided engineering ( cae ) , plm and 3d , developed by the french company dassault systèmes . 
aloe :: aloe ( or ) , also written " aloë " , is a genus containing over 500 species of flowering succulent plants . 
thrasybulus :: thrasybulus (; , " thrasyboulos " ; " brave - willed " ; c. 440 – 388 bc ) was an athenian general and democratic leader . 
surcoat :: a surcoat or surcote initially was an outer garment commonly worn in the middle ages by both men and women in western europe . 
carboniferous :: the carboniferous is a geologic period and system that spans 60 million years from the end of the devonian period million years ago ( mya ) , to the beginning of the permian period , mya . 
kesgrave :: kesgrave is a small town containing two large estates in the english county of suffolk on the eastern edge of ipswich . 
kiosk :: a kiosk ( , ) is a small , separated garden pavilion open on some or all sides . 
farmer :: a farmer ( also called an agriculturer ) is a person engaged in agriculture , raising living organisms for food or raw materials . 
flood :: a flood is an overflow of water that submerges land that is usually dry . 
analysis :: analysis is the process of breaking a complex topic or substance into smaller parts in order to gain a better understanding of it . 
connacht :: connacht or connaught ( or " cúige chonnacht " ) is one of the provinces of ireland , situated in the west of the country . 
felsic :: in geology , felsic refers to igneous rocks that are relatively rich in elements that form feldspar and quartz . 
knidos :: knidos or cnidus (; , ) was an ancient greek city of caria and part of the dorian hexapolis , in south - western asia minor , modern - day turkey . 
uzzi :: uzzi ( hebrew עוזי " ` oozy " ) is a biblical name meaning " my strength " . 
alope :: alopê ( ) was in greek mythology a mortal woman , the daughter of cercyon , known for her great beauty . 
robyn :: robin miriam carlsson ( born 12 june 1979 ) , known as robyn , is a swedish singer , songwriter and record producer . 
bain-marie :: a bain - marie (; also known as a water bath or double boiler ) , a type of heated bath , is a piece of equipment used in science , industry , and cooking to heat materials gently and gradually to fixed temperatures , or to keep materials warm over a period of time . 
sonoluminescence :: sonoluminescence is the emission of short bursts of light from imploding bubbles in a liquid when excited by sound . 
acropolis :: an acropolis ( [ ancient greek ] ] : ἀκρόπολις , " akrópolis " ; from " ákros " ( άκρος ) or " ákron " ( άκρον ) " highest , topmost , outermost " and " pólis " " city " ; plural in english : " acropoles " , " acropoleis " or " acropolises " ) is a settlement , especially a citadel , built upon an area of elevated ground — frequently a hill with precipitous sides , chosen for purposes of defense . 
cresphontes :: in greek mythology , cresphontes was a son of aristomachus , husband of merope , and brother of temenus and aristodemus . 
angiogenesis :: angiogenesis is the physiological process through which new blood vessels form from pre - existing vessels . 
erebus :: in greek mythology , erebus , also erebos ( , " deep darkness , shadow " ) , was often conceived as a primordial deity , representing the personification of darkness ; for instance , hesiod 's " theogony " identifies him as one of the first five beings in existence , born of chaos . 
saverne :: saverne ( , ; alsatian : " zàwere " ; ( german : ) ) is a commune in the bas - rhin department in grand est in north - eastern france . 
elijah :: elijah ( , meaning " my god is yahu / jah " ) or elias (; " elías " ; " elyāe " ; arabic : إلياس or إليا , " ilyās " or " ilyā " ) was a prophet and a miracle worker who lived in the northern kingdom of israel during the reign of ahab ( 9th century bc ) , according to the books of kings in the hebrew bible . 
emergence :: in philosophy , systems theory , science , and art , emergence is a phenomenon whereby larger entities arise through interactions among smaller or simpler entities such that the larger entities exhibit properties the smaller / simpler entities do not exhibit . 
bofors :: bofors ab is a swedish arms manufacturer . 
tempera :: tempera ( ) , also known as egg tempera , is a permanent , fast - drying painting medium consisting of colored pigments mixed with a water - soluble binder medium ( usually a glutinous material such as egg yolk or some other size ) . 
cartimandua :: cartimandua or cartismandua ( reigned ) was a 1st - century queen of the brigantes , a celtic people living in what is now northern england . 
mean :: in mathematics , mean has several different definitions depending on the context . 
spirituality :: traditionally , spirituality refers to a religious process of re - formation which " aims to recover the original shape of man , " oriented at " the image of god " as exemplified by the founders and sacred texts of the religions of the world . 
mozambique :: mozambique ( or ) , officially the republic of mozambique ( or " " , ) is a country in southeast africa bordered by the indian ocean to the east , tanzania to the north , malawi and zambia to the northwest , zimbabwe to the west , and swaziland and south africa to the southwest . 
advogato :: advogato was an online community and social networking site dedicated to free software development , and was created by raph levien . 
varese :: varese ( , latin " baretium " , archaic , " varés " in varesino ) is a city and " comune " in north - western lombardy , northern italy , north of milan . 
art :: art is a diverse range of human activities in creating visual , auditory or performing artifacts ( artworks ) , expressing the author 's imaginative or technical skill , intended to be appreciated for their beauty or emotional power . 
danelaw :: the danelaw ( , also known as the danelagh ; old english : " dena lagunema " ; ) , as recorded in the " anglo - saxon chronicle " , is a historical name given to the part of england in which the laws of the danes held sway and dominated those of the anglo - saxons . 
koalang :: koalang is a term coined by janusz a. zajdel , a polish science fiction writer . 
ancylopoda :: ancylopoda is a group of browsing , herbivorous , mammals in the perissodactyla that show long , curved and cleft claws . 
dimension :: in physics and mathematics , the dimension of a mathematical space ( or object ) is informally defined as the minimum number of coordinates needed to specify any point within it . 
hasdingi :: the hasdingi were the southern tribes of the vandals , an east germanic tribe . 
creidhne :: in irish mythology , credne ( old irish ) or creidhne ( modern irish – pronounced " creynya " ) was a son of brigid and tuireann and the goldsmith of the tuatha dé danann , but he also worked with bronze and brass . 
benthesikyme :: benthesikyme or benthesicyme ( βενθεσικύμη , from βένθος " ( sea ) depth " and κῦμα " wave " ) in greek mythology , according to the " bibliotheca " , was a daughter of poseidon and amphitrite and wife of enalos , by whom she had two daughters . 
zope :: zope is a community project concerned with a free and open - source , object - oriented web application server written in the python programming language . 
ilyushin :: open joint stock company ilyushin aviation complex , operating as ilyushin ( ilyushin ) ( ) or ilyushin design bureau , is a russian aircraft manufacturer and design bureau , founded by sergey vladimirovich ilyushin . 
felony :: the term felony , in some common law countries , means a serious crime . 
electrode :: an electrode is an electrical conductor used to make contact with a nonmetallic part of a circuit ( e.g. a semiconductor , an electrolyte , a vacuum or air ) . 
czechoslovakia :: czechoslovakia or czecho - slovakia (; czech and , " česko - slovensko " ) was a sovereign state in central europe that existed from october 1918 , when it declared its independence from the austro - hungarian empire , until its peaceful dissolution into the czech republic and slovakia on 1 january 1993 . 
airport :: an airport is an aerodrome with extended facilities , mostly for commercial air transport . 
dipper :: dippers are members of the genus cinclus in the bird family cinclidae , named for their bobbing or dipping movements . 
bohemia :: bohemia (; ; ; ; ; ; ) is the westernmost and largest historical region of the czech lands in the present - day czech republic . 
microkernel :: in computer science , a microkernel ( also known as μ-kernel ) is the near - minimum amount of software that can provide the mechanisms needed to implement an operating system ( os ) . 
como :: como ( , ; lombard : " còmm " , " cómm " or " cùmm " ; ) is a city and " comune " in lombardy , italy . 
furniture :: furniture refers to movable objects intended to support various human activities such as seating ( e.g. , chairs , stools , and sofas ) , eating ( tables ) , and sleeping ( e.g. , beds ) . 
ludlow :: ludlow is a market town in shropshire , england , south of shrewsbury and north of hereford via the main a49 road , which bypasses the town . 
midaswww :: midaswww is one of the earliest ( now discontinued ) web browsers , developed at the stanford linear accelerator center ( slac ) . 
diastase :: a diastase (; from greek διαστασις , " separation " ) is any one of a group of enzymes which catalyses the breakdown of starch into maltose . 
nahum :: nahum ( or ; " naḥūm " ) was a minor prophet whose prophecy is recorded in the hebrew bible or old testament . 
anisotropy :: anisotropy , is the property of being directionally dependent , which implies different properties in different directions , as opposed to isotropy . 
sideband :: in radio communications , a sideband is a band of frequencies higher than or lower than the carrier frequency , containing power as a result of the modulation process . 
damages :: in law , damages are an award , typically of money , to be paid to a person as compensation for loss or injury . 
hanna-barbera :: hanna - barbera productions , inc. ( simply known as hanna - barbera and also referred to as h - b enterprises , h - b production company and hanna - barbera cartoons , inc. ) , founded in 1957 by former metro - goldwyn - mayer animation directors and " tom and jerry " creators william hanna and joseph barbera , is an american animation studio that serves as a division of warner bros. animation . 
amblypoda :: amblypoda is a taxonomic hypothesis uniting a group of extinct , herbivorous mammals . 
thyme :: thyme ( ) is an aromatic perennial evergreen herb with culinary , medicinal , and ornamental uses . 
poaceae :: poaceae or gramineae is a large and nearly ubiquitous family of monocotyledonous flowering plants known as grasses . 
segesta :: segesta (; ) was one of the major cities of the elymian people , one of the three indigenous peoples of sicily . 
thameslink :: thameslink is a 68-station main - line route in the british railway system running north to south through london from bedford to brighton , serving both gatwick and luton airports , with a suburban loop serving sutton , mitcham and and a suburban line via and to . 
tuba :: the tuba ( or ; ) is the largest and lowest - pitched musical instrument in the brass family . 
tritium :: tritium ( or ; symbol ' or ' , also known as hydrogen-3 ) is a radioactive isotope of hydrogen . 
heteroecious :: a heteroecious parasite is one that requires at least two hosts . 
galvanometer :: a galvanometer is an electromechanical instrument for detecting and indicating electric current . 
intranet :: an intranet is a private network accessible only to an organisation 's staff . 
bison :: bison are large , even - toed ungulates in the genus " bison " within the subfamily bovinae . 
chicken :: the chicken ( " gallus gallus domesticus " ) is a type of domesticated fowl , a subspecies of the red junglefowl . 
gloucester :: gloucester ( ) is a city and district in southwest england , the county city of gloucestershire . 
brainfuck :: brainfuck is an esoteric programming language created in 1993 by urban müller , and notable for its extreme minimalism . 
pre-existence :: pre - existence , preexistence , beforelife , or premortal existence refers to the belief that each individual human soul existed before mortal conception , and at some point before birth enters or is placed into the body . 
mezentius :: in roman mythology , mezentius was an etruscan king , and father of lausus . 
sirona :: in celtic polytheism , sirona was a goddess worshipped predominantly in east central gaul and along the danubian limes . 
dugongidae :: the dugongidae are a family in the order of sirenia . 
meiosis :: meiosis is a specialized type of cell division that reduces the chromosome number by half , creating four haploid cells , each genetically distinct from the parent cell that gave rise to them . 
eunuch :: the term eunuch (; ) generally refers to a man who has been castrated , typically early enough in his life for this change to have major hormonal consequences . 
monocotyledon :: monocotyledons ( ) , commonly referred to as monocots , ( lilianae " sensu " chase & reveal ) are flowering plants ( angiosperms ) whose seeds typically contain only one embryonic leaf , or cotyledon . 
tonne :: the tonne ( ) ( non - preferred si derived unit ; si symbol : t ) , commonly referred to as the metric ton in the united states , is a non - si metric unit of mass equal to 1,000 kilograms ; or one megagram ( mg ) ; it is equivalent to approximately pounds , or 0.984 long tons ( imperial ) . 
counter-earth :: the counter - earth is a hypothesized by the pre - socratic greek philosopher philolaus ( c. 470 – c. 385 bc ) to support his non - geocentric cosmology , in which all objects in the universe revolve around an unseen " central fire " ( distinct from the sun which also revolves around it ) . 
breakbeat :: breakbeat is a broad style of electronic or dance - oriented music which utilizes breaks , often sampled from earlier recordings in funk , jazz , and r&b , for the main rhythm . 
metastability :: in physics , metastability is a stable state of a dynamical system other than the system 's state of least energy . 
synchronizing :: in telecommunication , the term synchronizing has the following meanings : in the civilian community , the noun " " synchronization " " is preferred to " " synchronizing " . " 
spacecraft :: a spacecraft is a vehicle or machine designed to fly in outer space . 
niamey :: niamey ( ) is the capital and largest city of the west african country niger . 
diatessaron :: the diatessaron ; ( ) , ( c. 160–175 ) is the most prominent early gospel harmony , and was created by tatian , an early christian assyrian apologist and ascetic . 
epitome :: an epitome (; , from ἐπιτέμνειν " epitemnein " meaning " to cut short " ) is a summary or miniature form , or an instance that represents a larger reality , also used as a synonym for embodiments . 
scribe :: a scribe is a person who serves as a professional copyist , especially one who made copies of manuscripts before the invention of automatic printing . 
fructose :: fructose , or fruit sugar , is a simple ketonic monosaccharide found in many plants , where it is often bonded to glucose to form the disaccharide sucrose . 
ostpolitik :: neue ostpolitik ( german for " new eastern policy " ) , or ostpolitik for short , was the normalization of relations between the federal republic of germany ( frg , or west germany ) and eastern europe , particularly the german democratic republic ( gdr , or east germany ) beginning in 1969 
recession :: in economics , a recession is a business cycle contraction which results in a general slowdown in economic activity . 
amphitryon :: amphitryon (; , " gen " . : ἀμφιτρύωνος ; usually interpreted as " harassing either side " ) , in greek mythology , was a son of alcaeus , king of tiryns in argolis . 
cadmium :: cadmium is a chemical element with symbol cd and atomic number 48 . 
cilicia :: in antiquity , cilicia ( ) was the south coastal region of asia minor and existed as a political entity from hittite times into the armenian kingdom of cilicia during the late byzantine empire . 
parade :: a parade ( also called march or marchpast ) is a procession of people , usually organized along a street , often in costume , and often accompanied by marching bands , floats or sometimes large balloons . 
manichaeism :: manichaeism (; in modern persian " āyin - e māni " ; ) was a major religious movement that was founded by the iranian prophet mani ( in persian : مانی , syriac : ܡܐܢܝ , latin : manichaeus or manes ; 216–276 ce ) in the sasanian empire . 
dolomites :: the dolomites ( ; ladin : " dolomites " ; ; : ) are a mountain range located in northeastern italy . 
chickpea :: the chickpea or chick pea ( ' ) is a legume of the family fabaceae , subfamily faboideae . 
ketene :: a ketene is an organic compound of the form r′r″c = c = o. ketene also refers to ch = c = o , occasionally called ethenone . 
rollo :: rollo or gaange rolf ; ( norman : " rou " ; old norse : " hrólfr " ; ; 846 – 930 ad ) was a viking who became the first ruler of normandy , a region of france . 
aeternitas :: in ancient roman religion , aeternitas was the divine personification of eternity . 
leninism :: leninism is the political theory for the organisation of a revolutionary vanguard party and the achievement of a dictatorship of the proletariat , as political prelude to the establishment of socialism . 
monday :: monday is the day of the week between sunday and tuesday . 
haggai :: haggai ( , " ḥaggay " or " hag - i " , koine greek : ἀγγαῖος ; ) was a hebrew prophet during the building of the second temple in jerusalem , and one of the twelve minor prophets in the hebrew bible and the author of the book of haggai . 
airship :: an airship or dirigible balloon is a type of aerostat or lighter - than - air aircraft that can navigate through the air under its own power . 
genetics :: genetics is the study of genes , genetic variation , and heredity in living organisms . 
philips :: koninklijke philips n.v. ( koninklijke philips n.v. of the netherland , philips ) , ( stylized as philips ) is a dutch technology company headquartered in amsterdam with primary divisions focused in the areas of electronics , healthcare and lighting . 
subtraction :: subtraction is a mathematical operation that represents the operation of removing objects from a collection . 
aude :: aude (; ) is a department in south - central france named after the river aude . 
embarazada :: embarazada ( ) is the spanish word for pregnant . 
peridot :: peridot ( or ) is gem - quality olivine , which is a silicate mineral with the formula of ( mg , fe)sio. as peridot is the magnesium - rich variety of olivine ( forsterite ) , the formula approaches mgsio. the origin of the name " peridot " is uncertain . 
tatars :: the tatars ( ) ; ( ) are turkic - speaking people living in asia and europe . 
caridea :: the caridea , commonly known as caridean shrimp , are an infraorder of shrimp within the order decapoda . 
supergrass :: supergrass were an english rock band , formed in 1993 in oxford . 
kvass :: kvass is a traditional slavic and fermented beverage commonly made from rye bread , known in many eastern european countries and especially in ukraine and russia as black bread . 
zenobius :: zenobius ( ) was a greek sophist , who taught rhetoric at rome during the reign of emperor hadrian ( ad 117–138 ) . 
solenostemon :: solenostemon , commonly known as " coleus " is a genus of flowering plants in the family lamiaceae . 
dianetics :: dianetics ( from greek " dia " , meaning " through " , and " nous " , meaning " mind " ) is a set of ideas and practices regarding the metaphysical relationship between the mind and body created by science fiction writer l. ron hubbard ; dianetics is practiced by followers of scientology , the nation of islam ( as of 2010 ) and independent dianeticist groups . 
heaven :: heaven , or the heavens , is a common religious , cosmological , or transcendent place where beings such as gods , angels , jinn , saints , or venerated ancestors are said to originate , be enthroned , or live . 
parchment :: parchment is a writing material made from specially prepared untanned skins of animals— 
ouida :: ouida (; 1 january 1839 – 25 january 1908 ) was the pseudonym of the english novelist maria louise ramé ( although she preferred to be known as marie louise de la ramée ) . 
meissen :: meissen ( in german orthography : " meißen " , ) is a town of approximately 30,000 about northwest of dresden on both banks of the elbe river in the free state of saxony , in eastern germany . 
dragonfly :: a dragonfly is an insect belonging to the order odonata , infraorder anisoptera ( from greek ἄνισος " anisos " , " uneven " and πτερόν " pteron " , " wing " , because the hindwing is broader than the forewing ) . 
lawyer :: a lawyer is a person who practices law , as a paralegal , advocate , barrister , attorney , counselor or solicitor or chartered legal executive . 
theseus :: theseus (; ) was the mythical king and founder - hero of athens . 
almond :: the almond ( " prunus dulcis " , syn . " prunus amygdalus " ) is a species of tree native to the middle east , the indian subcontinent and north africa . 
phobia :: a phobia is a type of anxiety disorder , defined by a persistent fear of an object or situation . 
filmlight :: established in 2002 , filmlight design , create and manufacture unique colour grading systems , image processing applications and workflow tools for the film and television industry . 
paratrooper :: paratroopers are military parachutists — military personnel trained in parachuting into an operation and usually functioning as part of an airborne force . 
kyoto :: the city of is a city located in the central part of the island of honshu , japan . 
ceridwen :: ceridwen ( " ce - rid - wen " ) was an enchantress in welsh medieval legend . 
ninjutsu :: , sometimes used interchangeably with the modern term , is the strategy and tactics of unconventional warfare , guerrilla warfare and espionage purportedly practiced by the " shinobi " ( commonly known outside japan as ninja ) . 
polygamy :: polygamy ( from late greek , " polygamía " , " state of marriage to many spouses " ) is the practice of marrying multiple spouses . 
contango :: contango is a situation where the futures price ( or forward price ) of a commodity is higher than the anticipated spot price at maturity of the futures contract . 
queer :: queer is an umbrella term for sexual and gender minorities who are not heterosexual and/or not cisgender . 
eliza :: eliza is an early natural language processing computer program created from 1964 to 1966 at the mit artificial intelligence laboratory by joseph weizenbaum . 
aol :: aol ( formerly a company known as aol inc. , originally known as america online , and stylized as aol . ) is a web portal and online service provider based in new york . 
monothelitism :: monothelitism or monotheletism ( from greek μονοθελητισμός " doctrine of one will " ) is a particular teaching about how the divine and human relate in the person of jesus , known as a christological doctrine , that formally emerged in armenia and syria in 629 . 
capitalism :: capitalism is an economic system and an ideology based on private ownership of the means of production and their operation for profit . 
ozymandias :: " ozymandias " ( in five syllables : , ; or four : , ) is a sonnet written by english romantic poet percy bysshe shelley ( 1792–1822 ) , first published in the 11 january 1818 issue of " the examiner " in london . 
seat :: a seat is a place to sit , referring to the area sat upon as opposed to other elements like armrests . 
hobo :: a hobo is a migrant worker or homeless vagabond , especially one who is impoverished . 
slough :: slough ( ) is a large town in berkshire , england , on the western fringes of the greater london urban area , west of central london , north of windsor , east of maidenhead , south - east of high wycombe and north - east of reading . 
sarajevo :: sarajevo ( , , ) is the capital and largest city of bosnia and herzegovina , with a population of 275,524 in its current administrative limits . 
fsck :: the system utility fsck ( " file system consistency check " ) is a tool for checking the consistency of a file system in unix and unix - like operating systems , such as linux , macos , and freebsd . 
polygonaceae :: the polygonaceae are a family of flowering plants known informally as the knotweed family or smartweed — buckwheat family in the united states . 
nouakchott :: nouakchott (; ; " " , originally derived from berber nawākšūṭ , " place of the winds " ) is the capital and largest city of mauritania . 
gulag :: the gulag (; acronym of , " " , " main camps ' administration " or " chief administration of corrective labor camps " ) was the government agency created under vladimir lenin which reached its peak as the soviet forced labor camp system during joseph stalin 's rule from the 1930s up until the 1950s . 
figueres :: figueres ( , catalan for " fig trees " ) is the capital of the " comarca " of alt empordà , in the province of girona , catalonia , spain . 
humidity :: humidity is the amount of water vapor present in the air . 
controversy :: controversy is a state of prolonged public dispute or debate , usually concerning a matter of conflicting opinion or point of view . 
microorganism :: a microorganism or microbe is a microscopic organism , which may exist in its single - celled form , or in a colony of cells . 
vellum :: vellum is prepared animal skin or " membrane " used as a material for writing on . 
thetis :: thetis (; ) , is encountered in greek mythology mostly as a sea nymph or known as the goddess of water , one of the 50 nereids , daughters of the ancient sea god nereus . 
endurability :: in telecommunication , endurability is the property of a system , subsystem , equipment , or process that enables it to continue to function within specified performance limits for an extended period of time , usually months , despite a severe natural or man - made disturbance , such as a nuclear attack , or a loss of external logistic or utility support . 
octonion :: in mathematics , the octonions are a normed division algebra over the real numbers , usually represented by the capital letter o , using boldface o or blackboard bold formula_1 . 
oology :: oology ( or oölogy ) is a branch of ornithology studying bird eggs , nests and breeding behaviour . 
hyoscine :: hyoscine , also known as scopolamine , is a medication used to treat motion sickness and postoperative nausea and vomiting . 
indriidae :: the indriidae ( sometimes incorrectly spelled indridae ) are a family of strepsirrhine primates . 
nitrox :: nitrox refers to any gas mixture composed ( excepting trace gases ) of nitrogen and oxygen . 
serengeti :: the serengeti ( ) ecosystem is a geographical region in africa . 
slang :: slang refers to words , phrases and uses that are regarded as very informal and often restricted to special context or peculiar to a specified profession class and the like . 
traralgon :: traralgon ( ) is a city located in the east of the latrobe valley in the gippsland region of victoria , australia . 
racquetball :: racquetball is a racquet sport played with a hollow rubber ball in an indoor or outdoor court . 
momus :: momus (; " momos " ) was in greek mythology the personification of satire and mockery , two stories about whom figure among aesop ’s fables . 
nicosia :: nicosia ( ; ; ) is the largest city on the island of cyprus . 
containerization :: containerization is a system of intermodal freight transport using intermodal containers ( also called shipping containers and iso containers ) . 
zagreus :: in ancient greek religion and mythology , zagreus ( ) was sometimes identified with a god worshipped by the followers of orphism , the “ 
bookmarklet :: a bookmarklet is a bookmark stored in a web browser that contains javascript commands that add new features to the browser . 
photek :: rupert parkes ( born 1972 ) , known as photek , is a los angeles – based british record producer , film & tv composer , and electronic music dj . 
alt.binaries.slack :: alt.binaries.slack is a usenet newsgroup created for the purpose of posting pictures , sounds , and utilities related to the church of the subgenius , making them available for everyone to see and hear . 
toronto :: toronto ( , ) is the capital of the canadian province of ontario . 
sápmi :: sápmi ( ) , in english commonly known as lapland ( ) , is the cultural region traditionally inhabited by the sami people , traditionally known in english as lapps . 
tx-0 :: the tx-0 , for transistorized experimental computer zero , but affectionately referred to as tixo ( pronounced " tix oh " ) , was an early fully transistorized computer and contained a then - huge 64 k of 18-bit words of magnetic core memory . 
cthulhu :: cthulhu ( ; for variant pronunciations , see below ) is a cosmic entity created by writer h. p. lovecraft and first introduced in the short story " 
beaver :: the beaver ( genus castor ) is a large , primarily nocturnal , semiaquatic rodent . " 
telephassa :: telephassa (; , " far - shining " ) , also spelled telephaassa (; ) and telephe (; ) , is a lunar epithet in greek mythology that is sometimes substituted for argiope the wife of agenor , according to his name a " leader of men " in phoenicia , and mother of cadmus . 
adullam :: adullam ( ) is an ancient ruin , built upon a hilltop overlooking the elah valley , south of bet shemesh in israel . 
biotope :: a biotope is an area of uniform environmental conditions providing a living place for a specific assemblage of plants and animals . 
canace :: in greek mythology , canace ( ancient greek : κανάκη ) was a daughter of aeolus and enarete , and lover of poseidon . 
ammonoidea :: ammonoids are an extinct group of marine mollusc animals in the subclass ammonoidea of the class cephalopoda . 
cobol :: cobol ( , an acronym for " common business - oriented language " ) is a compiled english - like computer programming language designed for business use . 
onion :: the onion ( " allium cepa " l. , from latin " cepa " " onion " ) , also known as the bulb onion or common onion , is a vegetable and is the most widely cultivated species of the genus " allium " . 
phonation :: the term phonation has slightly different meanings depending on the subfield of phonetics . 
clié :: the sony clié is a series of personal digital assistants running the palm operating system developed and marketed by sony from 2000 to 2005 . 
sircam :: sircam is a computer worm that propagates by e - mail from microsoft windows systems . 
myliobatiformes :: myliobatiformes is one of the four orders of batoids , cartilaginous fishes related to sharks . 
norns :: the norns ( old norse : " norn " , plural : " nornir " ) in norse mythology are female beings who rule the destiny of gods and men . 
mahikeng :: mahikeng , formerly and still commonly known as mafikeng and historically mafeking in english ( see below ) , is the capital city of the north - west province of south africa . 
trachea :: the trachea , colloquially called the windpipe , is a cartilaginous tube that connects the pharynx and larynx to the lungs , allowing the passage of air , and so is present in almost all air - breathing animals with lungs . 
abatis :: an abatis , abattis , or abbattis is a field fortification consisting of an obstacle formed ( in the modern era ) of the branches of trees laid in a row , with the sharpened tops directed outwards , towards the enemy . 
philology :: philology is the study of language in written historical sources ; it is a combination of literary criticism , history , and linguistics . 
chromatography :: chromatography is a laboratory technique for the separation of a mixture . 
anarcho-communism :: anarcho - communism ( also known as anarchist communism , free communism , libertarian communism and communist anarchism ) is a theory of anarchism which advocates the abolition of the state , capitalism , wage labour and private property ( though some strains retain respect for personal property ) and in favor of common ownership of the means of production , direct democracy and a horizontal network of workers ' councils with production and consumption based on the guiding principle : " from each according to his ability , to each according to his need " . 
schedl :: schedl is a german surname . 
atlas :: an atlas is a collection of maps ; it is typically a bundle of maps of earth or a region of earth , but there are atlases of the other planets ( and their satellites ) in the solar system . 
shinty :: shinty ( ) is a team game played with sticks and a ball . 
apomixis :: in botany , apomixis was defined by hans winkler as replacement of the normal sexual reproduction by asexual reproduction , without fertilization . 
chess :: chess is a two - player strategy board game played on a chessboard , a checkered gameboard with 64 squares arranged in an 8×8 grid . 
gypsum :: gypsum is a soft sulfate mineral composed of calcium sulfate dihydrate , with the chemical formula caso·2ho . 
celeus :: celeus or keleus ( ) was the king of eleusis in greek mythology , husband of metaneira and father of several daughters , who are called callidice , demo , cleisidice and callithoe in the homeric hymn to demeter , and diogeneia , pammerope and saesara by pausanias . 
amakusa :: amakusa ( 天草 ) , which means " heaven 's grass , " is a series of islands off the west coast of kyushu , the southernmost of the four main islands of japan . 
quadrupedalism :: quadrupedalism or pronograde posture is a form of terrestrial locomotion in animals using four limbs or legs . 
fanzine :: a fanzine ( blend of " fan " and " magazine " or " -zine " ) is a non - professional and non - official publication produced by enthusiasts of a particular cultural phenomenon ( such as a literary or musical genre ) for the pleasure of others who share their interest . 
cacus :: in roman mythology , cacus was a fire - breathing giant and the son of vulcan . 
eridu :: eridu ( cuneiform : nun.ki ; sumerian : eridu ; akkadian : " irîtu " modern arabic : tell abu shahrain ) is an archaeological site in southern mesopotamia ( modern dhi qar governorate , iraq ) . 
düsseldorf :: düsseldorf ( , low franconian , ripuarian : " düsseldörp " ) is the capital city of the german state of north rhine - westphalia and the seventh most populous city in germany . 
obadiah :: obadiah ( pronounced , " ʿovadyah " or " ʿovadyahu " , or in modern hebrew " ovadyah " ; " slave of god " ) is a biblical theophorical name , meaning " servant of god " or " worshiper of yahweh . " 
louchébem :: louchébem or loucherbem ( ) is parisian and lyonnaise butchers ' ( french " boucher " ) slang , similar to pig latin and verlan . 
theremin :: the theremin (; originally known as the ætherphone / etherphone , thereminophone or termenvox / thereminvox ) is an electronic musical instrument controlled without physical contact by the thereminist ( performer ) . 
franciscans :: the franciscans are a group of related mendicant religious orders within the catholic church , founded in 1209 by francis of assisi . 
kiel :: kiel ( ) is the capital and most populous city in the northern german state of schleswig - holstein , with a population of 240,832 ( june 2014 ) . 
parakeet :: a parakeet is any one of a large number of small to medium - sized species of parrot , in multiple genera , that generally have long tail feathers . 
quinine :: quinine is a medication used to treat malaria and babesiosis . 
bilirubin :: bilirubin ( formerly referred to as haematoidin and discovered by rudolf virchow in 1847 ) is a yellow compound that occurs in the normal catabolic pathway that breaks down heme in vertebrates . 
kourou :: kourou is a commune in french guiana , an overseas region and department of france located in south america . 
postmodernism :: postmodernism describes a broad movement that developed in the mid- to late 20th century across philosophy , the arts , architecture and criticism which marked a departure from modernism . 
philately :: philately ( ) is the study of stamps and postal history and other related items . 
edain :: in the fiction of j. r. r. tolkien , the edain were men ( humans ) who made their way into beleriand in the first age , and were friendly to the elves . the sindarin word " edain " ( the second syllable is pronounced as english " dine " rather than english " dane " ; the stress falls on the first syllable ) , singular " adan " ( quenya atani , " atan " ) literally meant " second people " , and originally referred to all men , but later it only applied to the men of beleriand and their descendants . 
hœnir :: in norse mythology , hœnir is one of the æsir . 
ytterby :: ytterby ( ) is a village on the swedish island of resarö , in vaxholm municipality in the stockholm archipelago . 
manawydan :: manawydan fab llŷr is a figure of welsh mythology , the son of llŷr and the brother of brân the blessed and brânwen . 
prorrhesis :: a part of the eleusinian mysteries , prorrhesis was the official announcement of the start of the rites . 
cloud :: in meteorology , a cloud is an aerosol comprising a visible mass of minute liquid droplets , frozen crystals , or particles suspended in the atmosphere above the surface of a planetary body . 
neo-fascism :: neo - fascism is a post – world war ii ideology that includes significant elements of fascism . 
wake-on-lan :: wake - on - lan ( wol ) is an ethernet or token ring computer networking standard that allows a computer to be turned on or " awakened " by a network message . 
werwolf :: werwolf ( , german for " werewolf " ) was a nazi plan , which began development in 1944 , to create a resistance force which would operate behind enemy lines as the allies advanced through germany . 
harpocrates :: harpocrates ( ) was the god of silence , secrets and confidentiality in the hellenistic religion developed in ptolemaic alexandria ( and also an embodiment of hope , according to plutarch ) . 
eurytion :: eurytion ( , " widely honoured " ) or eurythion ( ) was a name attributed to six individuals in greek mythology : 
cassotis :: in greek mythology , cassotis ( κασσωτίς ) was the naiad ( a pegaea ) who lived in the spring at the oracle at delphi , dedicated to apollo ; the spring was named after her . 
loonie :: the canadian one dollar coin , commonly called the loonie ( ) , is a gold - coloured one - dollar coin introduced in 1987 . 
moros :: in greek mythology , moros or morus ( , " doom , fate " ) is the being of impending doom , who drives mortals to their deadly fate . 
soybean :: glycine max , commonly known as soybean in north america or soya bean , is a species of legume native to east asia , widely grown for its edible bean which has numerous uses . 
zlib :: zlib is a software library used for data compression . 
tillage :: tillage is the agricultural preparation of soil by mechanical agitation of various types , such as digging , stirring , and overturning . 
grímnismál :: grímnismál ( sayings of grímnir ) is one of the mythological poems of the poetic edda . 
yeti :: in the folklore of nepal , the yeti ( ) or abominable snowman ( nepali : हिममानव " himamānav " , lit . " snow man " ) is an ape - like entity , taller than an average human , that is said to inhabit the himalayan region of nepal , bhutan , and tibet . 
lozère :: lozère (; [ lu'zeɾɔ ] ) is a department in the region of occitanie in southern france near the massif central . 
eixample :: the eixample ( , catalan for ' expansion ' or ' expansion district ' ) is a district of barcelona between the old city ( ciutat vella ) and what were once surrounding small towns ( sants , gràcia , sant andreu etc . ) , constructed in the 19th and early 20th centuries . 
bodhidharma :: bodhidharma was a buddhist monk who lived during the 5th or 6th century . 
spintronics :: spintronics ( a portmanteau meaning spin transport electronics ) , also known as spin electronics , is the study of the intrinsic spin of the electron and its associated magnetic moment , in addition to its fundamental electronic charge , in solid - state devices . 
kidinnu :: kidinnu ( also " kidunnu " ) ( fl . 
honeymoon :: a honeymoon is the traditional holiday taken by newlyweds to celebrate their marriage in intimacy and seclusion . 
mesolithic :: in archaeology , the mesolithic ( greek : μέσος , " mesos " " middle " ; λίθος , " lithos " " stone " ) is the period between paleolithic and neolithic 
guild :: a guild is an association of artisans or merchants who oversee the practice of their craft in a particular town . 
genosha :: genosha is a fictional country appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
hummingbird :: hummingbirds are birds from the americas that constitute the family trochilidae . 
cithaeron :: cithaeron or kithairon ( κιθαιρών , -ῶνος ) is a mountain and mountain range about 10 mi ( 16 km ) long , in central greece . 
ballsbridge :: ballsbridge or ball 's bridge ( ) is an affluent neighbourhood of the city of dublin , capital of the republic of ireland . 
porirua :: porirua is a city in the wellington region of the north island of new zealand , and one of the four cities that constitute the wellington metropolitan area . 
thrust :: thrust is a reaction force described quantitatively by isaac newton 's second and third laws . 
typewriter :: a typewriter is a mechanical or electromechanical machine for writing characters similar to those produced by printer 's movable type . 
rust :: rust is an iron oxide , usually red oxide formed by the redox reaction of iron and oxygen in the presence of water or air moisture . 
primate :: a primate ( ) is a mammal of the order primates ( latin : " prime , first rank " ) . 
mummy :: a mummy is a deceased human or an animal whose skin and organs have been preserved by either intentional or accidental exposure to chemicals , extreme cold , very low humidity , or lack of air , so that the recovered body does not decay further if kept in cool and dry conditions . 
superhero :: a superhero ( sometimes rendered super - hero or super hero ) is a type of heroic stock character who possesses supernatural or superhuman powers and who is dedicated to fighting crime , protecting the public , and usually battling supervillains . 
sect :: a sect is a subgroup of a religious , political , or philosophical belief system , usually an offshoot of a larger group . 
pennsylvania :: pennsylvania ( pennsylvania german : " pennsylvaani " or " pennsilfaani " ) , officially the commonwealth of pennsylvania , is a state located in the northeastern and mid - atlantic regions of the united states . 
tennessee :: tennessee (; ) is a state located in the southeastern region of the united states . 
çatalhöyük :: çatalhöyük (; also " çatal höyük " and " çatal hüyük " ; from turkish " çatal " " fork " + " höyük " " mound " ) was a very large neolithic and chalcolithic proto - city settlement in southern anatolia , which existed from approximately 7500 bc to 5700 bc , and flourished around 7000 bc . 
shotgun :: a shotgun ( also known as a scattergun , or historically as a fowling piece ) is a firearm that is usually designed to be fired from the shoulder , which uses the energy of a fixed shell to fire a number of small spherical pellets called shot , or a solid projectile called a slug . 
szczerbiec :: szczerbiec ( ) is the coronation sword that was used in crowning ceremonies of most polish monarchs from 1320 to 1764 . 
samarkand :: samarkand (; ; cyrillic/ ) , alternatively samarqand or samarcand , is a city in modern - day uzbekistan and is one of the oldest inhabited cities in central asia . 
cardamom :: cardamom ( ) , sometimes cardamon or cardamum , is a spice made from the seeds of several plants in the genera " elettaria " and " amomum " in the family zingiberaceae . 
ymck :: ymck is a japanese chiptune band , composed of midori kurihara ( vocals ) , takeshi yokemura ( music , lyrics , arrangement ) , and tomoyuki nakamura ( composition , music video ) . 
kipper :: a kipper is a whole herring , a small , oily fish , that has been split in a butterfly fashion from tail to head along the dorsal ridge , gutted , salted or pickled , and cold - smoked over smouldering woodchips ( typically oak ) . 
oat :: the oat ( " avena sativa " ) , sometimes called the common oat , is a species of cereal grain grown for its seed , which is known by the same name ( usually in the plural , unlike other cereals and pseudocereals ) . 
comfrey :: comfrey ( also comphrey ) is a common name for plants in the genus " symphytum " . 
oasis :: in geography , an oasis (; plural : oases ) is an isolated area of vegetation in a desert , typically surrounding a spring or similar water source , such as a pond or small lake . oases also provide habitat for animals and even humans if the area is big enough . 
liberia :: liberia , officially the republic of liberia , is a country on the west african coast . 
india :: india , officially the republic of india ( " bhārat gaṇarājya " ) , is a country in south asia . 
corundum :: corundum is a crystalline form of aluminium oxide ( ) typically containing traces of iron , titanium , vanadium and chromium . 
stendhal :: marie - henri beyle (; 23 january 1783 – 23 march 1842 ) , better known by his pen name stendhal ( or ; in english , , or ) , was a 19th - century french writer . 
haganah :: haganah ( , lit . " 
mormo :: in greek mythology , mormo ( , " mormō " ) was a spirit who bit bad children , and was said to have been a companion of the goddess hecate . 
cantaloupe :: cantaloupe ( also muskmelon ( india and the united states ) , mushmelon , rockmelon , sweet melon , or spanspek ( south africa ) ) refers to a variety of the " cucumis melo " species in the cucurbitaceae family . 
kenyanthropus :: kenyanthropus platyops is a 3.5 to 3.2-million - year - old ( pliocene ) hominin fossil discovered in lake turkana , kenya in 1999 by justus erus , who was part of meave leakey 's team . 
symbiosis :: symbiosis ( from greek συμβίωσις " living together " , from σύν " together " and βίωσις " living " ) is any type of a close and long - term biological interaction between two different biological organisms , be it mutualistic , commensalistic , or parasitic . 
camorra :: the camorra is an italian mafia - type crime syndicate , or secret society , which arose in the region of campania and its capital naples . 
gabbro :: gabbro ( ) refers to a large group of dark , often phaneritic ( coarse - grained ) , mafic intrusive igneous rocks chemically equivalent to basalt . 
erice :: erice (; ) is a historic town and " comune " in the province of trapani in sicily , italy . 
die :: die as a verb refers to death , the cessation of life . 
wheel :: a wheel is a circular component that is intended to rotate on an axle bearing . 
vhsic :: vhsic ( very high speed integrated circuit ) was a 1980s u.s. government program . 
cannoli :: cannoli (; ) are italian pastries of the sicily region . 
aëdon :: aëdon ( ) was in greek mythology , the daughter of pandareus of ephesus . 
clergy :: clergy are some of the main and important formal leaders within certain religions . 
azan :: azan is an arabic word , which comes from the word " azn " , meaning " to listen " , " to hear " . 
force :: in physics , a force is any interaction that , when unopposed , will change the motion of an object . 
karate :: the ryukyu kingdom was annexed by japan in 1879 . 
niihau :: niihau (; hawaiian : ) is the westernmost and seventh largest inhabited island in hawaii . 
cajanus :: the genus cajanus is a member of the plant family fabaceae . 
canard :: canard is french for duck , a type of aquatic bird . 
pelican :: pelicans are a genus of large water birds that makes up the family pelecanidae . 
monostable :: a monostable multivibrator is an electronic circuit that generates an output pulse . 
aengus :: in irish mythology , aengus ( ) is a member of the tuatha dé danann and probably a god of love , youth and poetic inspiration . 
kilogram :: the kilogram or kilogramme ( si unit symbol : kg ) is the base unit of mass in the international system of units ( si ) , and is defined as being equal to the mass of the " international prototype of the kilogram " ( ipk , also known as " le grand k " or " big k " ) . 
jersey :: jersey ( , ; jèrriais : " jèrri " ) , officially the bailiwick of jersey (; jèrriais : " bailliage dé jèrri " ) , is a crown dependency of the crown located near the coast of normandy , france . 
nucleophile :: a nucleophile is a chemical species that donates an electron pair to an electrophile to form a chemical bond in relation to a reaction . 
fluorocarbon :: fluorocarbons , sometimes referred to as perfluorocarbons or pfcs , are , strictly speaking , organofluorine compounds with the formula cf , i.e. they contain only carbon and fluorine , though the terminology is not strictly followed . 
pianist :: a pianist ( , ) is an individual musician who plays the piano . 
laodamas :: laodamas ( λᾱοδάμᾱς , " lāodámās " , literally " tamer of the people " ) refers to five different people in greek mythology . 
joual :: joual ( ) is the common name for the linguistic features of basilectal quebec french that are associated with the french - speaking working class in montreal which has become a symbol of national identity for a large number of artists from that area . 
troy :: troy ( , " troia " and , " ilion " , or , " ilios " ; and ; hittite : " wilusha " or " truwisha " ; ) was a city situated in the far northwest of the region known in late classical antiquity as asia minor , now known as anatolia in modern turkey , near ( just south of ) the southwest mouth of the dardanelles strait and northwest of mount ida . 
kronborg :: kronborg is a castle and stronghold in the town of helsingør , denmark . 
securitas :: in roman mythology , securitas was the goddess of security and stability , especially the security of the roman empire . 
nutrition :: nutrition is the science that interprets the interaction of nutrients and other substances in food in relation to maintenance , growth , reproduction , health and disease of an organism . 
medicaid :: medicaid in the united states is a joint federal and state program that helps with medical costs for some people with limited income and resources . 
sorbitol :: sorbitol ( ) , less commonly known as glucitol ( ) , is a sugar alcohol with a sweet taste which the human body metabolizes slowly . 
vinland :: vinland , vineland or winland ( ) is the area of coastal north america explored by norse vikings , where leif erikson first landed in c. 1000 , approximately five centuries prior to the voyages of christopher columbus and john cabot . 
microelectronics :: microelectronics is a subfield of electronics . 
commodore :: commodore generally refers to commodore ( rank ) , a naval rank . 
acherusia :: in greek mythology , acherusia ( ) , was a name given by the ancients to several lakes or swamps , which , like the various rivers called acheron , were at some time believed to be connected with the lower world , until at last the acherusia came to be considered to be in the lower world itself . 
lewisburg :: lewisburg is the name of several places in the united states of america : 
malta :: malta (; ) , officially known as the republic of malta ( ) , is a southern european island country consisting of an archipelago in the mediterranean sea . 
halakha :: halakha (; , ; also transliterated as halacha , halakhah , halachah or halocho ) ( ) is the collective body of jewish religious laws derived from the written and oral torah . 
bovril :: bovril is the trademarked name of a thick and salty meat extract paste similar to a yeast extract , developed in the 1870s by john lawson johnston . 
microbat :: the microbats constitute the now outdated suborder microchiroptera within the order chiroptera ( bats ) . 
zaz :: zaz or zaporizhia automobile building plant ( , " zaporiz'kyi avtomobilebudivnyi zavod " or " zaporiz'kyi avtozavod " ) is the main automobile manufacturer of ukraine , based in the south - eastern city of zaporizhia . 
queens :: queens is the easternmost and largest in area of the five boroughs of new york city . 
prince-bishop :: a prince - bishop is a bishop who is also the civil ruler of some secular principality and sovereignty . 
television :: television ( tv ) is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images in monochrome ( black and white ) , or in colour , and in two or three dimensions and sound . 
kab-500kr :: the kab-500kr is an electro - optical tv - guided fire and forget bomb developed by the soviet air force in the 1980s . 
croquet :: croquet is a sport that involves hitting plastic or wooden balls with a mallet through hoops ( often called " wickets " in the united states ) embedded in a grass playing court . 
gymnosporangium :: gymnosporangium is a genus of heteroecious plant - pathogenic fungi which alternately infect members of the family cupressaceae , primarily species in the genus " juniperus " ( junipers ) , and members of the family rosaceae in the subfamily maloideae ( apples , pears , quinces , shadbush , hawthorns , rowans and their relatives ) . 
hilt :: the hilt ( rarely called the haft ) of a sword is its handle , consisting of a guard , grip and pommel . 
waynesboro :: waynesboro is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
flac :: flac (; free lossless audio codec ) is an audio coding format for lossless compression of digital audio , and is also the name of the reference codec implementation . 
taranis :: in celtic mythology taranis was the god of thunder worshipped primarily in gaul , gallaecia , the british isles , but also in the rhineland and danube regions , amongst others . 
aristotle :: aristotle (; , , " aristotélēs " ; 384–322 bc ) was an ancient greek philosopher and scientist born in the city of stagira , chalkidice , on the northern periphery of classical greece . 
peleus :: in greek mythology , peleus (; , " pēleus " ) was a hero whose myth was already known to the hearers of homer in the late 8th century bc . 
matthias :: matthias is a name derived from the greek ματθιας , in origin similar to matthew . 
buggery :: the british english term buggery is very close in meaning to the term sodomy , often used interchangeably in law and popular speech . 
merovech :: merovech ( 415 - 458 ) is the semi - legendary founder of the merovingian dynasty of the salian franks ( although either childeric i , his supposed son , or clovis i , his supposed grandson , may in fact be the founder ) , which later became the dominant frankish tribe . 
cusco :: cusco ( , ; , ) , often spelled cuzco ( ) , is a city in southeastern peru , near the urubamba valley of the andes mountain range . 
khlysts :: khlysts or khlysty ( ) was an underground sect from late 17th to early 20th century that split off the russian orthodox church and belonged to the spiritual christians ( духовные христиане ) tendency . ' 
ariadne :: ariadne (; ; ) , in greek mythology , was the daughter of minos , king of crete and a son of zeus , and minos ' queen pasiphaë , a daughter of helios . 
octans :: octans is a faint constellation located in the deep southern sky . 
szlachta :: the szlachta ( , exonym : " nobility " ) was a legally privileged noble class in the kingdom of poland , grand duchy of lithuania , ruthenia , samogitia ( both after union of lublin became a single state , the polish – lithuanian commonwealth ) and the zaporozhian host . 
nofx :: nofx is an american punk rock band from los angeles , california . 
pain :: pain is a distressing feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimuli . 
aegospotami :: aegospotami ( ) or aegospotamos ( i.e. " goat streams " ) is the ancient greek name for a small river issuing into the hellespont ( modern turkish " çanakkale boğazı " ) , northeast of sestos . 
russia :: russia (; ) , also officially known as the russian federation ( ) , is a country in eurasia . 
concerto :: a concerto ( —plural " concertos " , anglicised from the italian " concerti " ( which is also used in english)—is a musical composition , whose characteristics have changed over time . 
fluorite :: fluorite ( also called fluorspar ) is the mineral form of calcium fluoride , caf. it belongs to the halide minerals . 
mongolia :: mongolia ( mongolian : in mongolian cyrillic ; in mongolian script ; in mongolian latin script ; literally : mongol state ) is a landlocked unitary sovereign state in east asia . 
intelsat :: intelsat , s.a. is a communications satellite services provider . 
antarctic :: the antarctic ( us english , uk english or and or ) is a polar region , specifically the region around the earth 's south pole , opposite the arctic region around the north pole . 
abencerrages :: the abencerrages ( from the arabic for " saddler 's son " ) were a family or faction that is said to have held a prominent position in the kingdom of granada in the 15th century . 
scyphozoa :: the scyphozoa are an exclusively marine class of the phylum cnidaria , referred to as the true jellyfish ( or " true jellies " ) . 
innu :: the innu ( or montagnais ) are the aboriginal inhabitants of an area in canada they refer to as " nitassinan " ( “ our land ” ) , which comprises most of the northeastern portion of the province of quebec and some eastern portions of labrador . 
biodefense :: biodefense refers to measures to restore biosecurity to a group of organisms who are , or may be , subject to biological threats or infectious diseases . 
ham :: ham is pork that has been preserved through salting , smoking , or wet curing . 
żarnowiec :: żarnowiec ( , german " zarnowitz " ) is a village in the administrative district of gmina krokowa , within puck county , pomeranian voivodeship , in northern poland . 
hilaeira :: in greek mythology , hilaera ( ancient greek : ἱλάειρα ; also ilaeira ) was a messenian princess . 
akademgorodok :: akademgorodok ( , " academic town " ) is a part of the sovetsky district of the city of novosibirsk , russia , located 30 km south of the city center and about 10 km west of the science town koltsovo . 
sosnowiec :: sosnowiec ( ) is an industrial city county in southern poland , which is also part of the silesian metropolis municipal association . 
origen :: origen (; , " ōrigénēs " ) , or origen adamantius ( , " ōrigénēs adamántios " ; 184/185 – 253/254 ) , was a greek scholar , ascetic , and early christian theologian who was born and spent the first half of his career in alexandria . 
nordea :: nordea bank ab , commonly referred to as nordea , is a nordic financial services group operating in northern europe . 
hydrangea :: hydrangea (; common names hydrangea or hortensia ) is a genus of 70–75 species of flowering plants native to southern and eastern asia ( china , japan , korea , the himalayas , and indonesia ) and the americas . 
citroën :: citroën ( ) is a major french automobile manufacturer , part of the psa peugeot citroën group since 1976 , founded in 1919 by french industrialist andré - gustave citroën ( 1878–1935 ) . 
mitochondrion :: the mitochondrion ( plural mitochondria ) is a double membrane - bound organelle found in all eukaryotic organisms . 
olympias :: olympias ( , , c. 375–316 bc ) was a daughter of king neoptolemus i of epirus , the fourth wife of the king of the ancient greek kingdom of macedonia , philip ii , and mother of alexander the great . 
realpolitik :: realpolitik ( from " realistic " , " practical " , or " actual " ; and " " " politics " , ) is politics or diplomacy based primarily on considerations of given circumstances and factors , rather than explicit ideological notions or moral and ethical premises . 
eiresione :: in greek mythology , eiresione ( greek : εἰρεσιώνη , from εἶρος - " eiros " , " wool " ) was the personification of an object very important in many greek rituals and ceremonies : a branch of olive or laurel , covered with wool , fruits , cakes and olive flasks , dedicated to apollo and carried about by singing boys during the festivals of pyanopsia and thargelia , and afterwards hung up at the house door . 
bastarnae :: the bastarnae ( latin variants : " bastarni " , or " basternae " ; ) were an ancient people who between 200 bc and 300 ad inhabited the region between the carpathian mountains and the river dnieper , to the north and east of ancient dacia . 
antelope :: an antelope is a member of a number of even - toed ungulate species indigenous to various regions in africa and eurasia . 
debugger :: a debugger or debugging tool is a computer program that is used to test and debug other programs ( the " target " program ) . 
echion :: in greek mythology , the name echion ( ( " gen " . : ἐχίονος ) , derivative of ἔχις " echis " " viper " ) referred to five different beings . 
language :: language consists of the development , acquisition , maintenance and use of complex systems of communication , particularly the human ability to do so ; and a language is any specific example of such a system . 
whaling :: whaling is the hunting of whales for their usable products like meat , oil and blubber . 
histone :: in biology , histones are highly alkaline proteins found in eukaryotic cell nuclei that package and order the dna into structural units called nucleosomes . 
repeater :: in telecommunications , a repeater is an electronic device that receives a signal and retransmits it . 
abcd :: abcd is a list of the first four letters in the english alphabet . 
amman :: amman (; " " ) is the capital and most populous city of jordan , and the country 's economic , political and cultural centre . 
basic09 :: basic09 is a structured basic programming language dialect developed by microware and motorola for the then - new motorola 6809 cpu and released in 1980 . 
columbanus :: columbanus ( , 543 – 21 november 615 ) , also known as st. columban , was an irish missionary notable for founding a number of monasteries from around 590 in the frankish and lombard kingdoms , most notably luxeuil abbey in present - day france and bobbio abbey in present - day italy . 
self :: self is a reference by an individual to the same individual person . 
łódź :: łódź (; ; , " lodzh " ; also written as lodz ) is the third - largest city in poland and a former industrial centre . 
hypnos :: in greek mythology , hypnos (; , " sleep " ) is the personification of sleep ; the roman equivalent is known as somnus . 
herm :: herm ( guernésiais : " haerme " ) is one of the channel islands and part of the parish of st peter port in the bailiwick of guernsey . 
republic :: a republic ( ) is a form of government in which the country is considered a " public matter " , not the private concern or property of the rulers . 
hierarchy :: a hierarchy ( from the greek " hierarchia " , " rule of a high priest " , from " hierarkhes " , " leader of sacred rites " ) is an arrangement of items ( objects , names , values , categories , etc . ) 
attenuation :: in physics , attenuation or , in some contexts , extinction is the gradual loss of flux intensity through a medium . 
kaleidoscope :: a kaleidoscope is an optical instrument with two or more reflecting surfaces inclined to each other in an angle , so that one or more ( parts of ) objects on one end of the mirrors are seen as a regular symmetrical pattern when viewed from the other end , due to repeated reflection . 
parapsychology :: parapsychology is a field of study concerned with the investigation of paranormal and psychic phenomena which include telepathy , precognition , clairvoyance , psychokinesis , near - death experiences , reincarnation , apparitional experiences , and other paranormal claims . 
sandstone :: sandstone is a clastic sedimentary rock composed mainly of sand - sized ( 0.0625 to 2 mm ) mineral particles or rock fragments . 
languedoc-roussillon :: languedoc - roussillon (; ; ) is a former administrative region of france . 
hanoi :: hanoi ( or ; , ) is the capital of the socialist republic of vietnam and the country 's second largest city by population . 
ahimsa :: ahimsa iast : ' , pāli : ' ) means ' not to injure ' and ' compassion ' and refers to a key virtue in indian religions . 
carillon :: a carillon ( or ; ) is a musical instrument that is typically housed in the bell tower ( belfry ) of a church or municipal building . 
bilge :: the bilge ( ipa : /bɪldʒ/ ) is the lowest compartment on a ship or seaplane , below the waterline , where the two sides meet at the keel . 
erasmus :: desiderius erasmus roterodamus (; 28 october 1466 – 12 july 1536 ) , known as erasmus or erasmus of rotterdam , was a dutch renaissance humanist , catholic priest , social critic , teacher , and theologian . 
asterisk :: an asterisk ( * ; from late latin , from ancient greek , " asteriskos " , " little star " ) is a typographical symbol or glyph . 
europe :: europe is a continent located entirely in the northern hemisphere and mostly in the eastern hemisphere . 
cheetah :: the cheetah ( " acinonyx jubatus " ) is a large felid of the subfamily felinae that occurs mainly in eastern and southern africa and a few parts of iran . 
limonite :: limonite is an iron ore consisting of a mixture of hydrated iron(iii ) oxide - hydroxides in varying composition . 
naturism :: naturism , or nudism , is a cultural and political movement practising , advocating , and defending personal and social nudity , most but not all of which takes place on private property . 
gte :: gte corporation , formerly general telephone & electronics corporation ( 1955–1982 ) , was the largest independent telephone company in the united states during the days of the bell system . 
beyla :: beyla is one of freyr 's servants along with her husband , byggvir , in norse mythology . 
chuck-a-luck :: chuck - a - luck , also known as birdcage , is a game of chance played with three dice . 
al-qaeda :: al - qaeda ( or ; ' , , translation : " the base " , " the foundation " or " the fundament " and alternatively spelled al - qaida , al - qæda and sometimes al - qa'ida ) is a militant sunni islamist multi - national organization founded in 1988 by osama bin laden , abdullah azzam , and several other arab volunteers who fought against the soviet invasion of afghanistan in the 1980s . 
arecales :: arecales is an order of flowering plants . 
sheshach :: sheshach - ( jer . 
pétanque :: pétanque (; ) is a form of boules where the goal is to toss or roll hollow steel balls as close as possible to a small wooden ball called a " cochonnet " ( literally " piglet " ) or jack , while standing inside a circle with both feet on the ground . 
orinoco :: the orinoco river is one of the longest rivers in south america at . 
mithril :: mithril is a fictional metal found in the writings of j. r. r. tolkien , being present in his middle - earth , and also appearing in many other works of derivative fantasy . 
aulë :: aulë is a fictional character from j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium , who is primarily discussed in " the silmarillion " , but appears also in tolkien 's other works . 
ophir :: ophir (; ) is a port or region mentioned in the bible , famous for its wealth . 
iolaus :: in greek mythology , iolaus ( " iólaos " ) was a theban divine hero , son of iphicles and automedusa . 
oldsmobile :: oldsmobile was a brand of american automobiles produced for most of its existence by general motors . 
thestius :: in greek mythology , thestius or thestios ( ) was a king of pleuronians in aetolia . 
talaus :: in greek mythology , talaus ( ) was the king of argos and one of the argonauts . 
hippodrome :: the hippodrome ( ) was an ancient grecian stadium for horse racing and chariot racing . 
marxism–leninism :: marxism – leninism is the political ideology adopted by the communist party of the soviet union and comintern , which its proponents consider to be based on marxism and leninism . 
integrin :: integrins are transmembrane receptors that facilitate cell - extracellular matrix ( ecm ) adhesion . 
intron :: an intron is any nucleotide sequence within a gene that is removed by rna splicing during maturation of the final rna product . 
leucine :: leucine ( abbreviated as leu or l ) is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
asterales :: asterales is an order of dicotyledonous flowering plants that includes the large family asteraceae ( or compositae ) known for composite flowers made of florets , and ten families related to the asteraceae . 
anathoth :: anathoth is the name of one of the levitical cities given to " the children of aaron " in the tribe of benjamin (; ) . 
maeshowe :: maeshowe ( or maes howe ; " norse " : orkhaugr ) is a neolithic chambered cairn and passage grave situated on mainland , orkney , scotland . 
neuropil :: neuropil ( or " neuropile " ) is any area in the nervous system composed of mostly unmyelinated axons , dendrites and glial cell processes that forms a synaptically dense region containing a relatively low number of cell bodies . 
monticello :: monticello was the primary plantation of thomas jefferson , the third president of the united states , who began designing and building monticello at age 26 after inheriting land from his father . 
odometer :: an odometer or odograph is an instrument for measuring the distance travelled by a vehicle , such as a bicycle or car . 
selenium :: selenium is a chemical element with symbol se and atomic number 34 . 
lille :: lille (; ; ) is a city at the northern tip of france , in french flanders . 
kl0 :: kernel language 0 ( kl0 ) is a sequential logic programming language based on prolog , used in the icot fifth generation computer project . 
nico :: christa päffgen ( 16 october 1938 – 18 july 1988 ) , better known by her stage name nico , was a german singer - songwriter , lyricist , composer , musician , fashion model , and actress who became famous as a warhol superstar in the 1960s . 
copra :: copra is the dried meat , or dried kernel , of the coconut used to extract coconut oil . 
wordperfect :: wordperfect ( wp ) is a word processing application owned by corel with a long history on multiple personal computer platforms . 
hipparchus :: hipparchus of nicaea ' (; ; ) was a greek astronomer , geographer , and mathematician . 
havana :: havana (; spanish : " la habana " , ) is the capital city , largest city , province , major port , and leading commercial center of cuba . 
coercion :: coercion is the practice of forcing another party to act in an involuntary manner by use of intimidation or threats or some other form of pressure or force . 
grannus :: in the celtic polytheism of classical antiquity , grannus ( also " granus " , " mogounus , " and " amarcolitanus " ) was a deity associated with spas , healing thermal and mineral springs , and the sun . 
extinction :: in biology and ecology , extinction is the end of an organism or of a group of organisms ( taxon ) , normally a species . 
non-fiction :: non - fiction or nonfiction is content ( sometimes , in the form of a story ) whose creator , in good faith , assumes responsibility for the truth or accuracy of the events , people , or information presented . 
maas :: the maas is a river in the low countries and france better known in english by its french name meuse . 
carinatae :: carinatae is the group of all birds and their extinct relatives to possess a keel , or " carina " , on the underside of the breastbone used to anchor large flight muscles . 
proclus :: proclus lycaeus (; 8 february 412 – 17 april 485 ad ) , called the successor ( greek , " próklos ho diádokhos " ) , was a greek neoplatonist philosopher , one of the last major classical philosophers ( see damascius ) . 
gladiator :: a gladiator ( , " swordsman " , from , " sword " ) was an armed combatant who entertained audiences in the roman republic and roman empire in violent confrontations with other gladiators , wild animals , and condemned criminals . 
crayon :: a crayon ( or wax pastel ) is a stick of colored wax , charcoal , chalk or other material used for writing or drawing . 
traducianism :: in christian theology , traducianism is a doctrine about the origin of the soul ( or synonymously , " spirit " ) , holding that this immaterial aspect is transmitted through natural generation along with the body , the material aspect of human beings . 
arabesque :: the arabesque is a form of artistic decoration consisting of " surface decorations based on rhythmic linear patterns of scrolling and interlacing foliage , tendrils " or plain lines , often combined with other elements . 
bromine :: bromine is a chemical element with symbol br and atomic number 35 . 
slackware :: slackware is a linux distribution created by patrick volkerding in 1993 . 
ulvophyceae :: the ulvophyceae or ulvophytes are a class of green algae , distinguished mainly on the basis of ultrastructural morphology , life cycle and molecular phylogenetic data . 
ganglot :: in norse mythology , ganglot ( " tardy " ) was hel 's maidservant in the norse underworld . 
cryptogram :: a cryptogram is a type of puzzle that consists of a short piece of encrypted text . 
natantia :: natantia ( boas , 1880 ) is an obsolete taxon of decapod crustaceans , comprising those families that move predominantly by swimming – the shrimp ( comprising caridea and procarididea ) , prawns ( dendrobranchiata ) and boxer shrimp . 
borneo :: borneo (; , ) is the third - largest island in the world and the largest in asia . 
pashtunistan :: pashtūnistān (; also transliterated pakhtūnistān ; lit . " 
yacht :: a yacht is a recreational boat or ship . 
copán :: copán is an archaeological site of the maya civilization located in the copán department of western honduras , not far from the border with guatemala . 
uin :: uin is a widely used abbreviation . 
ionia :: ionia ( ancient greek : ἰωνία or ἰωνίη ) is an ancient region of central coastal anatolia in present - day turkey , the region nearest izmir , which was historically smyrna . 
christianity :: christianity is an abrahamic monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of jesus christ , who is the focal point of the christian faith . 
eumolpus :: in greek mythology , eumolpus ( ancient greek : εὔμολπος " eumolpos " , " good singer " or " sweet singing " derived from " eu " " good " and " molpe " " song","singing " ) was a legendary thracian king who established the city of eumolpias , also called eumolpiada ( present - day plovdiv ) around 1200 bc ( or 1350 bc ) , naming it after himself . 
aita :: aita ( also spelled " eita " in etruscan inscriptions ) is the name of the etruscan equivalent to the greek hades , the divine ruler of the underworld . 
encephalitis :: encephalitis is inflammation of the brain . 
hispanic :: the term hispanic ( or ) broadly refers to the people , nations , and cultures that have a historical link to spain . 
oenomaus :: in greek mythology , king oenomaus ( also oenamaus ; ) of pisa , the father of hippodamia , was the son of ares , either by the naiad harpina ( daughter of the river god phliasian asopus , the armed ( " harpe " ) spirit of a spring near pisa ) or by sterope , one of the pleiades , whom some identify as his consort instead . 
internalization :: internalization ( or internalisation ) has different definitions depending on the field that the term is used in . 
nagorno-karabakh :: nagorno - karabakh is a landlocked region in the south caucasus , lying between lower karabakh and zangezur and covering the southeastern range of the lesser caucasus mountains . 
sovereignty :: sovereignty is the full right and power of a governing body over itself , without any interference from outside sources or bodies . 
parallelepiped :: in geometry , a parallelepiped is a three - dimensional figure formed by six parallelograms ( the term rhomboid is also sometimes used with this meaning ) . 
telegonus :: telegonus ( greek : τηλέγονος , " born afar " ) is the name of three different characters in greek mythology . 
botifarra :: botifarra (; ; ) is a type of sausage and one of the most important dishes of the catalan cuisine . 
qwerty :: qwerty is a keyboard layout for latin - script alphabets . 
iole :: in greek mythology , iolë ( ) was the daughter of eurytus , king of the city oechalia . 
magnet :: a magnet is a material or object that produces a magnetic field . 
hildr :: in norse mythology , hildr ( old norse " battle " ) is a valkyrie . 
reims :: reims (; also spelled rheims ; ) , a city in the grand est region of france , lies east - northeast of paris . 
epode :: epode , in verse , is the third part of an ode , which followed the strophe and the antistrophe , and completed the movement . 
messene :: messene ( greek : μεσσήνη " messini " ) , officially ancient messene , is a local community ( " topiki koinotita " ) of the municipal unit ( " dimotiki enotita " ) ithomi , of the municipality ( " dimos " ) of messini within the regional unit ( " perifereiaki enotita " ) of messenia in the region ( " perifereia " ) of peloponnese , one of 13 regions into which greece has been divided . 
nutella :: nutella (; ) is a brand of sweetened hazelnut cocoa spread manufactured by the italian company ferrero that was first introduced in 1965 , although its first iteration dates to 1963 . 
arch :: an arch is a curved structure that spans an elevated space and may or may not support the weight above it . 
valletta :: valletta (; ) is the capital city of malta , colloquially known as il - belt (; lit . " 
alliance :: an alliance is a relationship among people , groups , or states that have joined together for mutual benefit or to achieve some common purpose , whether or not explicit agreement has been worked out among them . 
nuraghe :: the nuraghe (; plural : italian " nuraghi " , logudorese sardinian " nuraghes " / campidanese sardinian " nuraxis " ) is the main type of ancient megalithic edifice found in sardinia , developed during the nuragic age between 1900 and 730 bce . 
theales :: theales is a botanical name at the rank of order . 
cycnus :: in greek mythology , multiple characters were known as cycnus ( κύκνος ) or cygnus . 
congruence :: congruence ( symbol : ≅ ) is the state achieved by coming together , the state of agreement . 
murigen :: in welsh mythology , murigen was a goddess of lakes , and associated with flooding . 
pleisthenes :: in greek mythology , pleisthenes ( ) is the name of several different people descended from tantalus . 
parousia :: parousia (; ) is an ancient greek word meaning presence , arrival , or official visit . 
protease :: a protease ( also called a peptidase or proteinase ) is any enzyme that performs proteolysis ; protein catabolism by hydrolysis of peptide bonds . 
marination :: marination is the process of soaking foods in a seasoned , often acidic , liquid before cooking . 
integument :: in biology , integument is the natural covering of an organism or an organ , such as its skin , husk , shell , or rind . 
roundhead :: roundheads were supporters of the parliament of england during the english civil war . 
roskilde :: roskilde ( ) , located west of copenhagen on the danish island of zealand , is the main city in roskilde municipality . 
chios :: chios (; , alternative transliterations " khíos " and " híos " ) is the fifth largest of the greek islands , situated in the aegean sea , off the anatolian coast . 
clozapine :: clozapine , sold under the brand name clozaril among others , is an atypical antipsychotic medication . 
darwinism :: darwinism is a theory of biological evolution developed by the english naturalist charles darwin ( 1809–1882 ) and others , stating that all species of organisms arise and develop through the natural selection of small , inherited variations that increase the individual 's ability to compete , survive , and reproduce . 
incarnation :: incarnation literally means " embodied in flesh " or " taking on flesh " . 
luge :: a luge is a small one- or two - person sled on which one sleds supine ( face up ) and feet - first . 
london :: london is the capital and most populous city of england and the united kingdom . 
saffron :: saffron ( pronounced or ) is a spice derived from the flower of " crocus sativus " , commonly known as the " saffron crocus " . 
hydrofoil :: a hydrofoil is a lifting surface , or foil , that operates in water . 
hydrocodone :: hydrocodone , also known as dihydrocodeinone , is a semi - synthetic opioid synthesized from codeine , one of the opioid alkaloids found in the opium poppy . 
coral :: corals are marine invertebrates in the class anthozoa of phylum cnidaria . 
colchis :: colchis (; " kolkheti " ; greek " kolkhis " ) was an ancient kingdom and region on the coast of the black sea , centred in present - day western georgia . 
mälaren :: mälaren ( ) , historically referred to as lake malar in english , is the third - largest freshwater lake in sweden ( after vänern and vättern ) . 
lollardy :: lollardy ( lollardry , lollardism ) was a pre - protestant religious movement that existed from the mid-14th century to the english reformation . 
charybdis :: charybdis (; ancient greek : χάρυβδις , , " kharybdis " ) was a sea monster , later rationalized as a whirlpool and considered a shipping hazard in the strait of messina . 
swansea :: swansea ( ; ) , officially known as the city and county of swansea ( ) , is a coastal city and county in wales . 
forcemeat :: forcemeat is a mixture of ground , lean meat mixed with fat by grinding , sieving , or puréeing the ingredients . 
shem :: shem (; ; " sēm " ; ge'ez : ሴም , " sēm " ; " renown ; prosperity ; name " ; arabic : " sām " ) was one of the sons of noah in the hebrew bible as well as in islamic literature . 
osgi :: the osgi alliance , formerly known as the open services gateway initiative , is an open standards organization founded in march 1999 that originally specified and continues to maintain the osgi standard . 
interpolation :: in the mathematical field of numerical analysis , interpolation is a method of constructing new data points within the range of a discrete set of known data points . 
gegenschein :: gegenschein ( german for " countershine " ) is a faint brightening of the night sky in the region of the antisolar point . 
giant :: giants are monsters of human appearance but prodigious size and strength common in the mythology and legends of many different cultures . 
caeneus :: in greek mythology , caeneus ( , " kaineus " ) was a lapith hero of thessaly . 
rhenium :: rhenium is a chemical element with symbol re and atomic number 75 . 
nokia :: nokia corporation ( , , , ) , stylised as nokia , is a finnish multinational communications , information technology and consumer electronics company , founded in 1865 . 
metion :: in greek mythology , metion (; , " gen " . 
beauty :: beauty is a characteristic of an animal , idea , object , person or place that provides a perceptual experience of pleasure or satisfaction . 
cosmos :: the cosmos ( , ) is the universe regarded as a complex and orderly system ; the opposite of chaos . 
kaolinite :: kaolinite is a clay mineral , part of the group of industrial minerals , with the chemical composition alsio(oh ) . 
epicurus :: epicurus ( or ; , " ally , comrade " ; 341–270 bc ) was an ancient greek philosopher who founded the school of philosophy called epicureanism . 
denarius :: in the roman currency system , the dēnārius ( pronunciation : ; dēnāriī ( pronunciation : ) was a small silver coin first minted about 211 bc during the second punic war . 
walleye :: walleye ( " sander vitreus " , synonym " stizostedion vitreum " ) is a freshwater perciform fish native to most of canada and to the northern united states . 
pictionary :: pictionary ( , ) is a charades - inspired guessing word game invented by robert angel with graphic design by gary everson and first published in 1985 by angel games inc. hasbro purchased the rights in 1994 after acquiring the games business of western publishing before eventually selling the rights to mattel . 
jihad :: jihad (; " " ) is an arabic word which literally means striving or struggling , especially with a praiseworthy aim . 
zoonosis :: zoonoses are infectious diseases of animals ( usually vertebrates ) that can naturally be transmitted to humans . 
sin :: in a religious context , sin is the act of transgression against divine law . 
primulales :: primulales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants . 
fahrenheit :: the fahrenheit scale is a temperature scale based on one proposed in 1724 by amsterdam - based physicist daniel gabriel fahrenheit ( 1686–1736 ) , after whom the scale is named . 
cervix :: the cervix or cervix uteri ( " " ) is the lower part of the uterus in the human female reproductive system . 
grape :: a grape is a fruit , botanically a berry , of the deciduous woody vines of the flowering plant genus " vitis " . 
quechan :: the quechan ( or yuma ) ( quechan : " kwtsaan " ' those who descended ' ) are a native american tribe who live on the fort yuma indian reservation on the lower colorado river in arizona and california just north of the mexican border . 
w :: w ( named " double - u " , plural " double - ues " ) is the 23rd letter of the modern english and iso basic latin alphabets . 
fable :: fable is a literary genre : a succinct fictional story , in prose or verse , that features animals , legendary creatures , plants , inanimate objects , or forces of nature that are anthropomorphized ( given human qualities , such as the ability to speak human language ) and that illustrates or leads to a particular moral lesson ( a " moral " ) , which may at the end be added explicitly as a pithy maxim . 
methuselah :: methuselah ( ) is the man reported to have lived the longest at the age of 969 in the hebrew bible . 
sophist :: a sophist ( , sophistes ) was a specific kind of teacher in ancient greece , in the fifth and fourth centuries bc . 
condatis :: in celtic mythology , condatis ( " waters meet " ) was a deity worshipped primarily in northern britain but also in gaul . 
medicago :: medicago is a genus of flowering plants , commonly known as medick or burclover , in the legume ( fabaceae ) family . 
halitherses :: in greek mythology , halitherses ( ἁλιθέρσης ) , son of mastor , was an ithacan prophet who warned the suitors of odysseus 's wife penelope after interpreting the symbols that zeus sent to " be wise in time , and put a stop to this wickedness before he comes . " 
busan :: busan ( ) , formerly known as pusan and now officially is south korea 's second most - populous city after seoul . 
aeon :: the word aeon , also spelled eon ( in american english ) and æon , originally meant " life " , " vital force " or " being " , " generation " or " a period of time " , though it tended to be translated as " age " in the sense of " ages " , " forever " , " timeless " or " for eternity " . 
sycamine :: the sycamine tree ( , " sykaminō " ) is mentioned only in luke 17:6 of the bible . 
barcelona :: barcelona ( , ) is the capital and largest city of catalonia ( an autonomous community of spain ) with a population of 1.6 million within city limits . 
ostracism :: ostracism ( , " ostrakismos " ) was a procedure under the athenian democracy in which any citizen could be expelled from the city - state of athens for ten years . 
prune :: a prune is a dried plum of any cultivar , mostly " prunus domestica " or european plum . 
antistrophe :: antistrophe ( , " a turning back " ) is the portion of an ode sung by the chorus in its returning movement from west to east , in response to the strophe , which was sung from east to west . 
cicada :: the cicadas ( or ) are a superfamily , the cicadoidea , of insects in the order hemiptera ( true bugs ) . 
polyphony :: in music , polyphony is one type of musical texture , where a texture is , generally speaking , the way that melodic , rhythmic , and harmonic aspects of a musical composition are combined to shape the overall sound and quality of the work . 
culhwch :: culhwch ( , with the final consonant sounding like scottish " loch " ) , in welsh mythology , is the son of cilydd son of celyddon and goleuddydd , a cousin of arthur and the protagonist of the story " culhwch and olwen " ( the earliest of the medieval welsh tales appended to lady charlotte guest 's edition of the mabinogion ) . 
rugii :: the rugii , also rugians , rygir , ulmerugi , or holmrygir ( , ) were an east germanic tribe who migrated from southwest norway to pomerania around 100 ad , and from there to the danube river valley . 
utf-16 :: utf-16 ( 16-bit unicode transformation format ) is a character encoding capable of encoding all 1,112,064 valid code points of unicode . 
commodores :: commodores are an american funk / soul band , which was at its peak in the late 1970s through the mid 1980s . 
oratorio :: an oratorio ( ) is a large musical composition for orchestra , choir , and soloists . 
hamar :: hamar is a town and municipality in hedmark county , norway . 
milan :: milan ( or ; ; ( milanese variant ) ) is the capital of lombardy and the second most populous city in italy after rome , with the city proper having a population of 1,360,422 while its province - level municipality has a population of 3,228,000 . 
hypertension :: hypertension ( htn or ht ) , also known as high blood pressure ( hbp ) , is a long - term medical condition in which the blood pressure in the arteries is persistently elevated . 
statius :: publius papinius statius (; c. 45c . 96 
lycia :: lycia ( lycian : 𐊗𐊕𐊐𐊎𐊆𐊖 " trm̃mis " ; " lykia " , ) was a geopolitical region in anatolia in what are now the provinces of antalya and muğla on the southern coast of turkey , and burdur province inland . 
zork :: zork is one of the earliest interactive fiction computer games , with roots drawn from the original genre game " colossal cave adventure " . 
knuth :: knuth is a name of nordic origin . " 
levellers :: the levellers was a political movement during the english civil war ( 1642–1651 ) that emphasized popular sovereignty , extended suffrage , equality before the law , and religious tolerance , all of which were expressed in the manifesto " agreement of the people " . 
caieta :: in roman mythology , caieta was the wet - nurse of aeneas . 
xenix :: xenix is a discontinued version of the unix operating system for various microcomputer platforms , licensed by microsoft from at&t corporation in the late 1970s . 
mount :: mount is often used as part of the name of specific mountains , e.g. mount everest . 
agasias :: agasias was the name of several different people in classical history , including two different greek sculptors . 
compost :: compost ( or ) is organic matter that has been decomposed and recycled as a fertilizer and soil amendment . 
stimulant :: stimulants ( also referred to as psychostimulants ) is an overarching term that covers many drugs including those that increase activity of the body , drugs that are pleasurable and invigorating , or drugs that have sympathomimetic effects . 
scandinavia :: scandinavia is a historical and cultural region in northern europe characterized by a common ethnocultural north germanic heritage and mutually intelligible north germanic languages . 
krupp :: the krupp family ( see pronunciation ) , a prominent 400-year - old german dynasty from essen , have become famous for their production of steel , artillery , ammunition , and other armaments . 
gambeson :: a gambeson ( or aketon or padded jack or arming doublet ) is a padded defensive jacket , worn as armour separately , or combined with mail or plate armour . 
symphony :: a symphony is an extended musical composition in western classical music , most often written by composers for orchestra . 
xenu :: xenu ( ) , also called xemu , was , according to scientology founder l. ron hubbard , the dictator of the " galactic confederacy " who 75 million years ago brought billions of his people to earth ( then known as " teegeeack " ) in dc-8-like spacecraft , stacked them around volcanoes , and killed them with hydrogen bombs . 
mató :: mató ( ) is a fresh cheese of catalonia made from cows ' or goats ' milk , with no salt added . 
ischnocera :: the ischnocera is a large suborder of lice mostly parasitic on birds but including a large family ( the trichodectidae ) parasitic on mammals . 
sediment :: sediment is a naturally occurring material that is broken down by processes of weathering and erosion , and is subsequently transported by the action of wind , water , or ice , and/or by the force of gravity acting on the particles . 
cheshire :: cheshire ( or ; archaically the county palatine of chester ) is a county in north west england , bordering merseyside and greater manchester to the north , derbyshire to the east , staffordshire and shropshire to the south and wales to the west . 
fiddle :: fiddle is another name for the bowed string musical instrument more often called a violin . 
dord :: the word dord is a notable error in lexicography , an accidental creation , or ghost word , of the g. and c. merriam company 's staff in the " new international dictionary " , second edition ( 1934 ) , in which the term is defined as a synonym for density used by physicists and chemists . 
paint :: paint is any liquid , liquefiable , or mastic composition that , after application to a substrate in a thin layer , converts to a solid film . 
crayfish :: crayfish , also known as crawfish , crawdads , freshwater lobsters , mountain lobsters , mudbugs or yabbies , are freshwater crustaceans resembling small lobsters , to which they are related ; taxonomically , they are members of the superfamilies astacoidea and parastacoidea . 
euphemism :: a euphemism is a generally innocuous word or expression used in place of one that may be found offensive or suggest something unpleasant . 
alexanderplatz :: alexanderplatz ( ) is a large public square and transport hub in the central mitte district of berlin , near the fernsehturm . 
menorca :: menorca or minorca (; ; ; from latin : " insula minor " , later " minorica " " smaller island " ) is one of the balearic islands located in the mediterranean sea belonging to spain . 
ascii :: ascii ( ) , abbreviated from american standard code for information interchange , is a character encoding standard for electronic communication . 
monaco :: monaco (; ) , officially the principality of monaco ( ) , is a sovereign city - state , country and microstate located on the french riviera in western europe . 
pasiphaë :: in greek mythology , pasiphaë (; " pasipháē " , " wide - shining " derived from " pas " " all , for all , of all " and " phaos " " light " ) was a queen of crete . 
acid :: in computer science , acid ( " atomicity , consistency , isolation , durability " ) is a set of properties of database transactions intended to guarantee validity even in the event of errors , power failures , etc . 
yiddish :: yiddish ( , or , " yidish"/"idish " , " jewish " , ; in older sources ייִדיש - טײַטש " yidish - taitsh " , judaeo - german ) is the historical language of the ashkenazi jews . 
agag :: agag (; ʾăḡāḡ , ) is a northwest semitic name or title applied to a biblical king . 
pharaoh :: pharaoh ( , or ) is the common title of the monarchs of ancient egypt from the first dynasty ( c. 3150 bce ) until the roman annexation of egypt in 30 bce , although the actual term " pharaoh " was not used contemporaneously for a ruler until circa 1200 bce . 
testosterone :: testosterone is the primary male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid . 
fly-by-wire :: fly - by - wire ( fbw ) is a system that replaces the conventional manual flight controls of an aircraft with an electronic interface . 
datr :: datr is a language for lexical knowledge representation . 
erinyes :: in greek mythology the erinyes (; sing . 
aquitaine :: aquitaine (; ; ; ; poitevin - saintongeais : " aguiéne " ) , archaic " guyenne"/"guienne " ( occitan : " guiana " ) was a traditional region of france , and was an administrative region of france until 1 january 2016 . 
cymbal :: a cymbal is a common percussion instrument . 
fontainebleau :: fontainebleau (; ) is a commune in the metropolitan area of paris , france . 
gritstone :: gritstone or grit is a hard , coarse - grained , siliceous sandstone . 
jabberwocky :: " jabberwocky " is a nonsense poem written by lewis carroll about the killing of a creature named " the jabberwock " . 
ocridion :: in greek mythology , ocridion was a mortal who was engaged to cydippe , daughter of ochimus . 
meditation :: meditation is a practice where an individual operates or trains the mind or induces a mode of consciousness , either to realize some benefit or for the mind to simply acknowledge its content without becoming identified with that content , or as an end in itself . 
urology :: urology ( from greek οὖρον " ouron " " urine " and " -logia " " study of " ) , also known as genitourinary surgery , is the branch of medicine that focuses on surgical and medical diseases of the male and female urinary - tract system and the male reproductive organs . 
xtc :: xtc were an english rock band formed in swindon in 1972 and active until 2006 . 
historian :: a historian is a person who researches , studies , and writes about the past , and is regarded as an authority on it . 
drawing :: drawing is a form of visual art in which a person uses various drawing instruments to mark paper or another two - dimensional medium . 
croatia :: croatia ( ; ) , officially the republic of croatia ( , ) , is a country in central and southern europe , on the adriatic sea . 
ithaca :: ithaca or ithaka (; greek : ιθάκη , " ithakē " ) is a greek island located in the ionian sea , off the northeast coast of kefalonia and to the west of continental greece . 
vic :: vic ( ) is the capital of the " comarca " of osona , in the barcelona province , catalonia . 
asceticism :: asceticism (; from the " áskesis " , " exercise " or " training " ) is a lifestyle characterized by abstinence from sensual pleasures , often for the purpose of pursuing spiritual goals . 
astyanax :: in greek mythology , astyanax (; " astyánax " , " protector of the city " ) was the son of hector , the crown prince of troy and husband of princess andromache of cilician thebe . 
eroticism :: eroticism ( from the greek ἔρως , " eros"—"desire " ) is a quality that causes sexual feelings , as well as a philosophical contemplation concerning the aesthetics of sexual desire , sensuality and romantic love . 
jötunheimr :: jötunheimr ( or jǫtunheimr in old norse orthography ; often anglicized as jotunheim ) is the homeland of the jötnar , the giants in norse mythology . 
lituus :: the word lituus originally meant a curved augural staff , or a curved war - trumpet in the ancient latin language . 
accordion :: accordions ( from 19th century german " akkordeon " , from " akkord"—"musical chord , concord of sounds " ) are a family of box - shaped musical instruments of the bellows - driven free - reed aerophone type , colloquially referred to as a squeezebox . 
agabus :: agabus ( ) was an early follower of christianity mentioned in the acts of the apostles as a prophet . 
pear :: the pear is any of several tree and shrub species of genus pyrus , in the family rosaceae . 
volapük :: volapük ( in english ; in volapük ) is a constructed language , created in 1879–1880 by johann martin schleyer , a roman catholic priest in baden , germany . 
maamme :: " maamme " ( , " our land ” ) or " vårt land " ( ) is the title of finland 's national anthem . 
gofannon :: gofannon ( ) is a middle welsh reflex of gobannus , one of the deities worshipped by the ancient celts . 
capybara :: the capybara ( " hydrochoerus hydrochaeris " ) is the largest living rodent in the world . 
blt :: a blt ( bacon , lettuce , and tomato ) is a type of bacon sandwich . 
diapering :: diaper is any of a wide range of decorative patterns used in a variety of works of art , such as stained glass , heraldic shields , architecture , and silverwork . 
bölþorn :: bölþorn ( old norse " evil thorn " ) is a frost giant in norse mythology . 
blackberry :: blackberry is a line of smartphones , tablets , and services originally designed and marketed by canadian company blackberry limited ( formerly known as research in motion limited ) . 
squid :: squid are cephalopods of the order teuthida , which comprises around 304 species . 
sucre :: sucre ( ) is the constitutional capital of bolivia , the capital of the chuquisaca department , and the 6th most populated city in bolivia . 
ext2 :: the ext2 or second extended filesystem is a file system for the linux kernel . 
voyeurism :: voyeurism is the sexual interest in or practice of spying on people engaged in intimate behaviors , such as undressing , sexual activity , or other actions usually considered to be of a private nature . 
columbus :: columbus is a latinized version of the italian surname " " colombo " " . 
chhattisgarh :: chhattisgarh ( , translation : " thirty - six forts " ) is one of the 29 states of india , located in the centre - east of the country . 
divination :: divination ( from latin " divinare " " to foresee , to be inspired by a god " , related to " divinus " , divine ) is the attempt to gain insight into a question or situation by way of an occultic , standardized process or ritual . 
electrolysis :: in chemistry and manufacturing , electrolysis is a technique that uses a direct electric current ( dc ) to drive an otherwise non - spontaneous chemical reaction . 
chemehuevi :: the chemehuevi are an indigenous people of the great basin . 
shiritori :: example : sakura ( さくら ) → rajio ( ラジオ ) → onigiri ( おにぎり ) → risu ( りす ) → sumou ( すもう ) → udon ( うどん ) the player who used the word " udon " lost this game . 
verulamium :: verulamium was a town in roman britain . 
cryogenics :: in physics , cryogenics is the study of the production and behaviour of materials at very low temperatures . 
crete :: crete ( , " " ; ancient greek : , " krḗtē " ) is the largest and most populous of the greek islands , 88th - largest island in the world and the fifth - largest island in the mediterranean sea , after sicily , sardinia , cyprus , and corsica . 
ede :: ede or equinox desktop environment is a light weight desktop environment with an appearance somewhat reminiscent of windows 9x . 
onobrychis :: onobrychis , the sainfoins , are eurasian perennial herbs of the legume family ( fabaceae ) . 
assisi :: assisi ( , from the ) is a town and " comune " of italy in the province of perugia in the umbria region , on the western flank of monte subasio . 
ahoah :: ahoah ( " brotherly " ) was one of the sons of bela , the son of benjamin ( 1 chr . 
phpwiki :: phpwiki is a web - based wiki software application . 
brabham :: brabham is the common name for motor racing developments ltd. , a british racing car manufacturer and formula one racing team . 
chloroplast :: chloroplasts are organelles , specialized compartments , in plant and algal cells . 
khad :: khadamat - e aetla'at - e dawlati ( pashto/ ) translates directly to english as : " state intelligence agency " . 
seismology :: seismology (; from ancient greek σεισμός ( " seismós " ) meaning " earthquake " and -λογία ( " -logía " ) meaning " study of " ) is the scientific study of earthquakes and the propagation of elastic waves through the earth or through other planet - like bodies . 
syllabary :: a syllabary is a set of written symbols that represent the syllables or ( more frequently ) moras which make up words . 
flea :: fleas are small flightless insects that form the order siphonaptera . 
scotia :: scotia is a latin placename derived from " scoti " , a latin name for the gaels . 
oneiroi :: in greek mythology , the oneiroi or oneiri ( , " dreams " ) were various gods and demigods that ruled over dreams , nightmares , and oneiromantic symbols . 
luxembourgish :: luxembourgish , luxemburgish ( ) or letzeburgesch ( or ) ( luxembourgish : " lëtzebuergesch " ) is a west germanic language that is spoken mainly in luxembourg . 
abeyance :: abeyance ( from the old french " abeance " meaning " gaping " ) is a state of expectancy in respect of property , titles or office , when the right to them is not vested in any one person , but awaits the appearance or determination of the true owner . 
savate :: savate ( ) , also known as boxe française , french boxing , french kickboxing or french footfighting , is a french martial art that uses the hands and feet as weapons combining elements of western boxing with graceful kicking techniques . 
sartène :: sartène (; , ) , is a commune in the corse - du - sud department of france on the island of corsica . 
montserrat :: montserrat ( ) is a caribbean island — specifically in the leeward islands , which is part of the chain known as the lesser antilles , in the british west indies . 
unitarianism :: unitarianism is historically a christian theological movement named for its belief that god is one entity , as opposed to the trinity which defines god as three persons in one being ; the father , son , and holy spirit . 
fictionary :: fictionary , also known as the dictionary game or simply dictionary , is a word game in which players guess the definition of an obscure word . 
circulator :: a circulator is a passive non - reciprocal three- or four - port device , in which a microwave or radio frequency signal entering any port is transmitted to the next port in rotation ( only ) . 
fonni :: fonni ( ) is a town and " comune " in sardinia , in the province of nuoro ( italy ) . 
tenochtitlan :: tenochtitlan ( , ) , originally known as méxico - tenochtitlan ( ) , was a mexica city - state on an island in lake texcoco in the valley of mexico . 
topography :: topography is the study of the shape and features of the surface of the earth and other observable astronomical objects including planets , moons , and asteroids . 
lumber :: lumber ( american english ; used only in north america ) or timber ( used in the rest of the english speaking world ) is a type of wood that has been processed into beams and planks , a stage in the process of wood production . 
oleaceae :: the oleaceae are a family of flowering plants in the order lamiales . 
harrier :: harrier can mean : 
albertville :: albertville (; arpitan : " arbèrtvile " ) is a commune in the savoie department in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region in south - eastern france . 
spermatozoon :: a spermatozoon ( pronounced , alternate spelling spermatozoön ; plural spermatozoa ; from " seed " and " living being " ) is a motile sperm cell , or moving form of the haploid cell that is the male gamete . 
tat-14 :: tat-14 is the 14th consortium transatlantic telecommunications cable system . 
ketamine :: ketamine , sold under the brand name ketalar among others , is a medication mainly used for starting and maintaining anesthesia . 
alboin :: alboin ( 530sjune 28 , 572 ) was king of the lombards from about 560 until 572 . 
lilith :: lilith (; " lîlîṯ " ) is a figure in jewish mythology , developed earliest in the babylonian talmud ( 3rd to 5th centuries ) . 
napalm :: napalm was a flammable liquid used in warfare . 
diamant :: the diamant rocket ( " diamant " is french for " diamond " ) was the first exclusively french expendable launch system and at the same time the first satellite launcher not built by either the united states or ussr . 
abbot :: abbot , meaning father , is an ecclesiastical title given to the male head of a monastery in various traditions , including christianity . 
lawrencium :: lawrencium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol lr ( formerly lw ) and atomic number 103 . 
porto-novo :: porto - novo (; also known as hogbonu and ajashe ) is the capital of benin , and was the capital of french dahomey . 
taphius :: in greek mythology , taphius founded the city taphos on the island of the same name , and was its king . 
moral :: a moral ( from latin " morālis " ) is a message that is conveyed or a lesson to be learned from a story or event . 
tetraodontiformes :: the tetraodontiformes are an order of highly derived ray - finned fish , also called the plectognathi . 
batman :: batman is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by dc comics . 
birobidzhan :: birobidzhan (; , " birobidzshan " ) is a town and the administrative center of the jewish autonomous oblast , russia , located on the trans - siberian railway , close to the border with china . 
divinity :: in religion , divinity or godhead is the state of things that are believed to come from a supernatural power or deity , such as a god , supreme being , creator deity , or spirits , and are therefore regarded as sacred and holy . 
brighton :: brighton is a seaside resort on the south coast of england . 
companding :: in telecommunication and signal processing companding ( occasionally called compansion ) is a method of mitigating the detrimental effects of a channel with limited dynamic range . 
amarna :: amarna ( ) is an extensive egyptian archaeological site that represents the remains of the capital city newly established and built by the pharaoh akhenaten of the late eighteenth dynasty , and abandoned shortly after his death ( 1332 bc ) . 
tribune :: tribunus , in english tribune , was the title of various elected officials in ancient rome . 
wiesbaden :: wiesbaden ( ) is a city in central western germany and the capital of the federal state of hesse . 
naxos :: naxos (; greek : , ) is a greek island — at the largest of the cyclades island group in the aegean . 
tex :: tex ( or , see below ) , stylized within the system as tex , is a typesetting system ( or " formatting system " ) designed and mostly written by donald knuth and released in 1978 . 
sigrún :: sigrún ( old norse " victory rune " ) is a valkyrie in norse mythology . 
empedocles :: empedocles (; , " empedoklēs " ; c. 490 – c. 430 bc ) was a greek pre - socratic philosopher and a citizen of acragas ( agrigentum ) , a greek city in sicily . 
zibelthiurdos :: zibelthiurdos ( zibelthurdos or zbelsurdos ) was a thracian god of storm and lightning like god gebeleizis . 
lightworks :: lightworks is a professional non - linear editing system ( nle ) for editing and mastering digital video in various formats , including 2 k and 4 k resolutions , and television in pal , ntsc , and high - definition formats . 
mootness :: in law , the terms moot and mootness have different meanings in british english and american english . 
paramagnetism :: paramagnetism is a form of magnetism whereby certain materials are weakly attracted by an externally applied magnetic field , and form internal , induced magnetic fields in the direction of the applied magnetic field . 
palatino :: palatino is the name of an old - style serif typeface designed by hermann zapf , initially released in 1949 by the stempel foundry and later by other companies , most notably the mergenthaler linotype company . 
malmö :: malmö (; ; ) is the capital and largest city of the swedish county of scania . 
eilat :: eilat (; ; or , also ) is israel 's southernmost city , a busy port and popular resort at the northern tip of the red sea , on the gulf of aqaba . 
clay :: clay is a finely - grained natural rock or soil material that combines one or more clay minerals with traces of metal oxides and organic matter . 
hepatitis :: hepatitis is inflammation of the liver tissue . 
psychiatrist :: a psychiatrist is a physician who specializes in psychiatry , the branch of medicine devoted to the diagnosis , prevention , study , and treatment of mental disorders . 
biosalinity :: biosalinity is the study and practice of using saline ( salty ) water for irrigating agricultural crops . 
puebloans :: the puebloans or pueblo peoples were native americans in the southwestern united states , who lived in the time period of 100 - 1600 ad . 
guignol :: guignol is the main character in a french puppet show which has come to bear his name . 
jainism :: jainism ( ) , traditionally known as jain dharma , is one of the most ancient indian religions . 
puigcerdà :: puigcerdà ( , , ; ) is the capital of the " catalan comarca " of cerdanya , in the province of girona , catalonia , northern spain , near the segre river and on the border with france ( it abuts directly onto the french town of bourg - madame ) . 
semantics :: semantics ( from " sēmantikos " , " significant " ) is the linguistic and philosophical study of meaning , in language , programming languages , formal logics , and semiotics . 
phantasos :: in ovid 's " metamorphoses " , phantasos or phantasus ( φαντασος – " fantasy " , " apparition " ) was one of the oneiroi ( the deities of dreams ) , the sons ( triplets , sometimes simply the most prominent three of many ) of hypnos ( god of sleep ) and pasithea ( goddess of relaxation , meditation and hallucinations ) , ( or nyx ( goddess of night ) and erebus ( god of darkness ) ) . 
marble :: marble is a metamorphic rock composed of recrystallized carbonate minerals , most commonly calcite or dolomite . 
guitarist :: a guitarist ( or a guitar player ) is a person who plays the guitar . 
cuboctahedron :: in geometry , a cuboctahedron is a polyhedron with 8 triangular faces and 6 square faces . 
lutefisk :: lutefisk ( norwegian ) , ludfisk ( danish ) or lutfisk ( swedish ) ( pronounced in northern and central norway , in southern norway , in sweden and in finland ( ) ) is a traditional dish of some nordic countries . 
bodhisattva :: in buddhism , bodhisattva is the sanskrit term for anyone who , motivated by great compassion , has generated bodhicitta , which is a spontaneous wish and a compassionate mind to attain buddhahood for the benefit of all sentient beings . 
endometrium :: the endometrium is the inner epithelial layer , along with its mucous membrane , of the mammalian uterus . 
hammer :: a hammer is a tool or device that delivers a blow ( a sudden impact ) to an object . 
galliard :: the galliard (; ; ) was a form of renaissance dance and music popular all over europe in the 16th century . 
lelystad :: lelystad ( ) is a municipality and a city in the centre of the netherlands , and it is the capital of the province of flevoland . 
cyprinodontiformes :: cyprinodontiformes is an order of ray - finned fish , comprising mostly small , freshwater fish . 
ruby :: a ruby is a pink to blood - red colored gemstone , a variety of the mineral corundum ( aluminium oxide ) . 
sulfate :: the sulfate or sulphate ( see spelling differences ) ion is a polyatomic anion with the empirical formula . 
century :: a century ( from the latin " centum " , meaning " one hundred " ; abbreviated c. ) is a period of 100 years . 
kōan :: a (; , ; " kong'an " ; ) is a story , dialogue , question , or statement , which is used in zen practice to provoke the " great doubt " and test a student 's progress in zen practice . 
glome :: glome is either : 
jeroboam :: jeroboam i ( hebrew : " yārāḇə‘ām " ; ) was the first king of the northern kingdom of israel after the revolt of the ten northern israelite tribes against rehoboam that put an end to the united monarchy . 
foot :: the foot ( plural feet ) is an anatomical structure found in many vertebrates . 
census :: a census is the procedure of systematically acquiring and recording information about the members of a given population . 
monsoon :: monsoon ( ) is traditionally defined as a seasonal reversing wind accompanied by corresponding changes in precipitation , but is now used to describe seasonal changes in atmospheric circulation and precipitation associated with the asymmetric heating of land and sea . 
graffiti :: graffiti ( plural of " graffito " : " a graffito " , but " these graffiti " ) are writing or drawings that have been scribbled , scratched , or painted illicitly on a wall or other surface , often within public view . 
lanthanum :: lanthanum is a chemical element with symbol la and atomic number 57 . 
irene :: irene is a name derived from εἰρήνη—the greek for " peace " . 
urethra :: in anatomy , the urethra ( from greek οὐρήθρα – " ourḗthrā " ) is a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the urinary meatus for the removal of urine from the body . 
striptease :: a striptease is an erotic or exotic dance in which the performer gradually undresses , either partly or completely , in a seductive and sexually suggestive manner . 
lonsdaleite :: lonsdaleite ( named in honour of kathleen lonsdale ) , also called hexagonal diamond in reference to the crystal structure , is an allotrope of carbon with a hexagonal lattice . 
reradiation :: in telecommunication , the term reradiation has the following meanings : near - field effects of an am antenna may extend out two miles ( 3 km ) or more . 
sisal :: sisal ( " streams and iteration in a single assignment language " ) is a general - purpose single assignment functional programming language with strict semantics , implicit parallelism , and efficient array handling . 
daminozide :: daminozide — also known as alar , kylar , b - nine , dmasa , sadh , or b 995 — is a plant growth regulator , a chemical sprayed on fruit to regulate their growth , make their harvest easier , and keep apples from falling off the trees before they are ripe . 
achondroplasia :: achondroplasia is a common cause of dwarfism . 
kista :: kista ( ) is a district in the borough of rinkeby - kista , stockholm , sweden . 
psophometer :: in telecommunications , a psophometer is an instrument that provides a visual indication of the audible effects of disturbing voltages of various frequencies . 
trotskyism :: trotskyism is the theory of marxism as advocated by leon trotsky . 
château :: a château ( plural " châteaux " ; ) is a manor house or residence of the lord of the manor or a country house of nobility or gentry , with or without fortifications , originally — and still most frequently — in french - speaking regions . 
zerah :: zerah or zérach ( זֶרַח / זָרַח " sunrise " standard hebrew zéraḥ / záraḥ , tiberian hebrew zéraḥ / zāraḥ ) refers to several different people in the hebrew bible . 
poitou :: poitou ( ) was a province of west - central france whose capital city was poitiers . 
wuppertal :: wuppertal ( ) is a city in north rhine - westphalia , germany , in and around the wupper valley , east of düsseldorf and south of the ruhr . 
carthusians :: the carthusian order ( ) , also called the order of saint bruno , is a catholic religious order of enclosed monastics . 
wrocław :: wrocław (; ; , ; ; ) is the largest city in western poland . 
podarge :: in greek mythology , podarge ( , english translation : " fleet - foot " ) referred to several different beings . 
cinnabar :: cinnabar ( ) and cinnabarite ( ) , likely deriving from the ( " kinnabari " ) , refer to the common bright scarlet to brick - red form of mercury(ii ) sulfide , formula hgs , that is the most common source ore for refining elemental mercury , and is the historic source for the brilliant red or scarlet pigment termed vermilion and associated red mercury pigments . 
moravia :: moravia (; ; ; ; ) is a historical country in the czech republic ( forming its eastern part ) and one of the historical czech lands , together with bohemia and czech silesia . 
antananarivo :: antananarivo , called tananarive in french and also known by its colonial shorthand form tana , is the capital and largest city of madagascar . 
kutia :: kutia or kutya is a cereal dish , traditionally served in ukraine , belarus , russia and some parts of poland . 
x-men :: the x - men are a team of fictional superheroes appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
agenor :: agenor (; ; english translation : ' heroic , manly ' ) was in greek mythology and history a phoenician king of tyre . 
mutt :: a mutt is a mongrel ( a dog of unknown ancestry ) . 
sandman :: the sandman is a mythical character in western and northern european folklore who puts people to sleep and brings good dreams by sprinkling magical sand onto the eyes of people while they sleep at night . 
aiml :: aiml , or artificial intelligence markup language , is an xml dialect for creating natural language software agents . 
dreamcast :: the dreamcast is a home video game console released by sega on november 27 , 1998 in japan , september 9 , 1999 in north america , and october 14 , 1999 in europe . 
shoe :: a shoe is an item of footwear intended to protect and comfort the human foot while the wearer is doing various activities . 
jaggies :: " jaggies " is the informal name for artifacts in raster images , most frequently from aliasing , which in turn is often caused by non - linear mixing effects producing high - frequency components or missing or poor anti - aliasing filtering prior to sampling . 
shire :: a shire is a traditional term for a division of land , found in the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and some other english speaking countries . 
breidablik :: in norse mythology , breiðablik ( " broad - gleaming " ) is the home of baldr . 
álfheimr :: alfheim ( , " land of the elves " or " elfland " ) , also called ljosalfheim ( " ljósálf[a]heimr " , " home of the light - elves " ) , is one of the nine worlds and home of the light elves in norse mythology . 
disassembler :: a disassembler is a computer program that translates machine language into assembly language— 
shrike :: shrikes ( ) are carnivorous passerine birds of the family laniidae 
nissan :: , usually shortened to nissan ( or ; japanese : ) , is a japanese multinational automobile manufacturer headquartered in nishi - ku , yokohama . 
hosea :: in the hebrew bible , hosea ( or ; ; greek , " ōsēe " ) , son of beeri , was an 8th - century bc prophet in israel who authored the book of prophecies bearing his name . 
oscillation :: oscillation is the repetitive variation , typically in time , of some measure about a central value ( often a point of equilibrium ) or between two or more different states . 
kickboxing :: kickboxing is a group of stand - up combat sports based on kicking and punching , historically developed from karate and muay thai . 
apeldoorn :: apeldoorn ( ) is a municipality and city in the province of gelderland in the centre of the netherlands . 
artcyclopedia :: artcyclopedia is an online database of museum - quality fine art founded by canadian john malyon . 
tajikistan :: tajikistan ( , , or ; ; ) , officially the republic of tajikistan ( , " çumhuriji toçikiston " , ) , is a mountainous , landlocked country in central asia with an estimated population of million people as of , and an area of . 
salmon :: salmon is the common name for several species of ray - finned fish in the family salmonidae . 
andarta :: in celtic polytheism , andarta was a warrior goddess worshipped in southern gaul . 
breccia :: breccia ( or ) is a rock composed of broken fragments of minerals or rock cemented together by a fine - grained matrix that can be similar to or different from the composition of the fragments . 
maui :: the island of maui (; hawaiian : ) is the second - largest of the hawaiian islands at 727.2 square miles ( 1,883 km ) and is the 17th - largest island in the united states . 
ollolai :: ollolai is a " comune " at the center of barbagia , in the province of nuoro ( sardinia , italy ) . 
zakopane :: zakopane is a town in the extreme south of poland . 
typex :: in the history of cryptography , typex ( alternatively , type x or typex ) machines were british cipher machines used from 1937 . 
nylon :: nylon is a generic designation for a family of synthetic polymers , based on aliphatic or semi - aromatic polyamides . 
hoplite :: hoplites were citizen - soldiers of ancient greek city - states who were primarily armed with spears and shields . 
photophone :: the photophone is a telecommunications device that allows transmission of speech on a beam of light . 
glamorgan :: glamorgan ( ) , or sometimes glamorganshire , ( or ) is one of the thirteen historic counties of wales and a former administrative county of wales . 
remake :: a remake is a film or television series that is based on an earlier work and tells the same , or a very similar , story . 
miracle :: a miracle is an event not explicable by natural or scientific laws . 
fëanor :: fëanor ( ) is a fictional character from j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium who plays an important part in " the silmarillion " . 
peugeot :: peugeot (; ; ) is a french car manufacturer , part of groupe psa . 
thermometer :: a thermometer is a device that measures temperature or a temperature gradient . 
wends :: wends ( , old norse : " vindr " , , , , ) is a historical name for west slavs living near germanic settlement areas . 
gibberish :: gibberish , alternatively jibberish , jibber - jabber , or gobbledygook , is language that is ( or appears to be ) nonsense . 
juncales :: juncales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
unicode :: unicode is a computing industry standard for the consistent encoding , representation , and handling of text expressed in most of the world 's writing systems . 
albinism :: albinism in humans is a congenital disorder characterized by the complete or partial absence of pigment in the skin , hair and eyes . 
coelus :: coelus is a genus of beetles in the family tenebrionidae . 
statite :: a statite ( a portmanteau of " static " and " satellite " ) is a hypothetical type of artificial satellite that employs a solar sail to continuously modify its orbit in ways that gravity alone would not allow . 
boulder :: in geology , a boulder is a rock fragment with size greater than in diameter . 
alemanni :: the alemanni ( also " alamanni " ; " suebi " " swabians " ) were a confederation of germanic tribes on the upper rhine river . 
dharma :: dharma (; " dharma " , ; " dhamma " ) is a key concept with multiple meanings in the indian religions — hinduism , buddhism , sikhism and jainism . 
mil-std-188 :: mil - std-188 is a series of u.s. military standards relating to telecommunications . 
teichoscopy :: teichoscopy or teichoscopia , meaning " viewing from the walls , " is a recurring narrative strategy in ancient greek literature . 
riot/clone :: riot / clone was a punk band often associated with the anarcho - punk scene , active from 1979–1983 and then revived in the early 90 's until they split up again in 2005 . 
solon :: solon ( " sólōn " , ; bc ) was an athenian statesman , lawmaker , and poet . 
mbira :: the mbira is an african musical instrument consisting of a wooden board ( often fitted with a resonator ) with attached staggered metal tines , played by holding the instrument in the hands and plucking the tines with the thumbs . 
tat-7 :: tat-7 was at&t corporation 's seventh transatlantic telephone cable , in operation from 1978 to 1994 , initially carrying 4,000 telephone circuits ( simultaneous calls ) between new jersey and porthcurno in southwest england . 
morphogenesis :: morphogenesis ( from the greek " morphê " shape and " genesis " creation , literally , " beginning of the shape " ) is the biological process that causes an organism to develop its shape . 
alghero :: alghero (; , , ; ; ) , is a town of about 44,000 inhabitants in the italian insular province of sassari in northwestern sardinia , next to the mediterranean sea . 
dandy :: a dandy , historically , is a man who places particular importance upon physical appearance , refined language , and leisurely hobbies , pursued with the appearance of nonchalance in a cult of self . 
jurisdiction :: jurisdiction ( from the latin " ius , " meaning " law " and " " meaning " to speak " ) is the practical authority granted to a legal body to administer justice within a defined field of responsibility , e.g. , michigan tax law . 
calcite :: calcite is a carbonate mineral and the most stable polymorph of calcium carbonate ( caco ) . 
xpcom :: cross platform component object model ( xpcom ) is a cross - platform component model from mozilla . 
chile :: chile (; ) , officially the republic of chile ( ) , is a south american country occupying a long , narrow strip of land between the andes to the east and the pacific ocean to the west . 
icaunis :: in gallo - roman religion , dea icaunis was the goddess of the river yonne in gaul . 
pales :: in ancient roman religion , pales was a deity of shepherds , flocks and livestock . 
nupecode :: nupecode is free / open source software ( released under the gnu general public license ) designed for large peer review projects . 
simkin :: simkin is a given name and a surname . 
cardea :: cardea or carda was the ancient roman goddess of the hinge ( latin " cardo , cardinis " ) and a new estate near stanground , roman doors being hung on pivot hinges . 
replicant :: a replicant is a fictional bioengineered or biorobotic android in the 1982 film " blade runner " , in its 2017 sequel " blade runner 2049 " , and in the 1997 video game based on the film . 
rank :: rank is the relative position , value , worth , complexity , power , importance , authority , level , etc . of a person or object within a ranking . 
akrabbim :: akrabbim or acrabbim ( , meaning " scorpions " ) is probably the general name given to the ridge containing the pass between the south of the dead sea and zin , es - sufah , by which there is an ascent to the level of the negev desert . 
garden :: a garden is a planned space , usually outdoors , set aside for the display , cultivation and enjoyment of plants and other forms of nature . 
reiserfs :: reiserfs is a general - purpose , journaled computer file system formerly designed and implemented by a team at namesys led by hans reiser . 
ixion :: in greek mythology , ixion ( ; , " gen " . : ἰξίωνος ) was king of the lapiths , the most ancient tribe of thessaly , and a son of ares , or leonteus , or antion and perimele , or the notorious evildoer phlegyas , whose name connotes " fiery " . 
machine :: a machine uses power to apply forces and control movement to perform an intended action . 
alush :: alush ( ) was one of the places , the last before rephidim , at which the israelites rested on their way to mount sinai ( numbers 33:13 , 14 ) . 
girona :: girona ( , , ; ) is a city in catalonia , spain , at the confluence of the rivers ter , onyar , galligants , and güell and has an official population of 97,586 as of january 2015 . 
resurrection :: resurrection is the concept of coming back to life after death . 
beefalo :: beefalo , also referred to as cattalo or the american hybrid , are a fertile hybrid offspring of domestic cattle ( " bos taurus " ) , usually a male in managed breeding programs , and the american bison ( " bison bison " ) , usually a female in managed breeding programs . 
latex :: latex ( , , also pronounced as , , a shortening of lamport tex ) is a document preparation system . 
zoroastrianism :: zoroastrianism , or more natively mazdayasna , is one of the world 's oldest extant religions , " combining a cosmogonic dualism and eschatological monotheism in a manner unique [ ... ] among the major religions of the world " . 
titanomachy :: in greek mythology , the titanomachy ( " titanomakhia " , “ titan battle ” ) was a ten - year series of battles fought in thessaly , consisting of most of the titans ( an older generation of gods , based on mount othrys ) fighting against the olympians ( the younger generations , who would come to reign on mount olympus ) and their allies . 
ancamna :: in gallo - roman religion , ancamna was a goddess worshipped particularly in the valley of the moselle river . 
leucippus :: leucippus (; , " leúkippos " ; fl . 
emsworth :: emsworth is a small town in hampshire on the south coast of england , near the border of west sussex . 
amethyst :: amethyst is a violet variety of quartz often used in jewelry . 
electryon :: in greek mythology , electryon ( , ancient greek : ἠλεκτρύων ) was a king of tiryns and mycenae or medea in argolis . 
zilog :: zilog , inc. , previously known as zilog , is an american manufacturer of 8-bit and 16-bit microcontrollers . 
np-equivalent :: in computational complexity theory , the complexity class np - equivalent is the set of function problems that are both np - easy and np - hard . 
tiberius :: tiberius (; 16 november 42 bc – 16 march 37 ad ) was roman emperor from 14 ad to 37 ad . 
carpigiani :: carpigiani is an italian company , located near bologna , specialising in the production of ice cream making machines . 
ganglion :: in anatomy , a ganglion ( ; plural ganglia ) is a nerve cell cluster or a group of nerve cell bodies located in the autonomic nervous system and sensory system . 
idomeneus :: in greek mythology , idomeneus (; ) was a cretan commander , father of orsilochus , cleisithyra and iphiclus , son of deucalion and cleopatra , grandson of minos and king of crete . 
senryū :: senryū is named after edo period haikai poet senryū karai ( 柄井川柳 , 1718 - 1790 ) , whose collection launched the genre into the public consciousness . 
warchalking :: warchalking is the drawing of symbols in public places to advertise an open wi - fi network . 
meuse :: the meuse (; ; walloon : " mouze " ) or maas (; , or " maas " ) is a major european river , rising in france and flowing through belgium and the netherlands before draining into the north sea . 
penectomy :: penectomy is penis removal through surgery , generally for medical or personal reasons . 
ballad :: a ballad is a form of verse , often a narrative set to music . 
xanthius :: in greek mythology , xanthius ( ) was a descendant of bellerophon , and father of leucippus and an unnamed daughter . 
angola :: angola ( ) , officially the republic of angola ( ; kikongo , kimbundu and umbundu : " repubilika ya ngola " ) , is a country in southern africa . 
edinburgh :: edinburgh ( or ; ) is the capital city of scotland and one of its 32 council areas . 
tbilisi :: tbilisi ( ; ) , in some countries also still named by its pre-1936 international designation tiflis ( or ) , is the capital and the largest city of georgia , lying on the banks of the kura river with a population of approximately 1.5 million people . 
allocution :: an allocution , or allocutus , is a formal statement made to the court by the defendant who has been found guilty prior to being sentenced . 
stomach :: the stomach ( from ancient greek στόμαχος , " stomachos , " " stoma " means mouth ) is a muscular , hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals , including several invertebrates . 
summer :: summer is the hottest of the four temperate seasons , falling after spring and before autumn . 
hygieia :: in greek as well as roman mythology , hygieia ( also hygiea or hygeia ; or , or ) , was one of the aeclepiadae ; the sons and daughters of the god of medicine , asclepius , and the goddess of healing , epione . 
punjab :: the punjab ( , , , ) , also spelled panjab ( " land of " five rivers " " ; punjabi : ) , is a geographical and cultural region in the northern part of the indian subcontinent , comprising areas of eastern pakistan and northern india . 
dasyproctidae :: dasyproctidae is a family of large south american rodents , comprising the agoutis and acouchis . 
q :: q ( named " cue " ) is the 17th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
heterodyne :: heterodyning is a signal processing technique invented in 1901 by canadian inventor - engineer reginald fessenden that creates new frequencies by combining or mixing two frequencies . 
clíodhna :: in irish mythology , clíodhna ( , clídna , clionadh , clíodna , clíona , transliterated to kleena in english ) is a queen of the banshees of the tuatha dé danann . 
motel :: a motel is a hotel designed for motorists and usually has a parking area for motor vehicles . 
digamma :: digamma , waw , or wau ( uppercase : ϝ , lowercase : ϝ , numeral : ϛ ) is an archaic letter of the greek alphabet . 
winamp :: winamp is a media player for windows , android , and macos developed by justin frankel and dmitry boldyrev by their company nullsoft , which they later sold to aol , who sold it to radionomy in january 2014 . 
covadonga :: covadonga ( asturian : " cuadonga " , from the visigothic / old germanic " cofa weorðunga " , meaning " cave of worship / true , loyal thanks " , or " cofa ðunga / ðanca " , meaning " cave of thanks / gratitude " , is a village and one of 11 parishes in cangas de onís , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of asturias , in northwestern spain . 
cambridgeshire :: cambridgeshire ( or ; abbreviated cambs . ) , is an east anglian county in england , bordering lincolnshire to the north , norfolk to the north - east , suffolk to the east , essex and hertfordshire to the south , and bedfordshire and northamptonshire to the west . 
gudrun :: gudrun is a major figure in early germanic literature that is centred on the hero sigurd , son of sigmund . 
agaja :: agaja ( also spelled agadja and also known as trudo agaja or trudo audati ) was a king of the kingdom of dahomey , in present - day benin , who ruled from 1718 until 1740 . 
grenadier :: a grenadier ( from french , derived from the word grenade ) was originally a specialized soldier , first established as a distinct role in the mid - to - late 17th century , for the throwing of grenades and sometimes assault operations . 
phoneme :: a phoneme ( ) is one of the units of sound ( or gesture in the case of sign languages , see chereme ) that distinguish one word from another in a particular language . 
samhain :: samhain ( pronounced or , ) is a gaelic festival marking the end of the harvest season and the beginning of winter or the " darker half " of the year . 
bos :: bos ( from latin " bōs : cow , ox , bull " ) is the genus of wild and domestic cattle . 
soapstone :: soapstone ( also known as steatite , or " soaprock " ) is a talc - schist , which is a type of metamorphic rock . 
convolvulaceae :: convolvulaceae , known commonly as the bindweed or morning glory family , is a family of about 60 genera and more than 1,650 species of mostly herbaceous vines , but also trees , shrubs and herbs . 
moncton :: moncton (; ) is the largest city in the canadian province of new brunswick . 
ansbach :: ansbach (; ) is a city in the german state of bavaria . 
bourges :: bourges ( ) is a city in central france on the yèvre river . 
needlework :: needlework is decorative sewing and textile arts handicrafts . 
protagoras :: protagoras (; ; c. 490 – c. 420 bc ) was a pre - socratic greek philosopher and is numbered as one of the sophists by plato . 
etching :: etching is traditionally the process of using strong acid or mordant to cut into the unprotected parts of a metal surface to create a design in intaglio ( incised ) in the metal . 
laudanum :: laudanum is a tincture of opium containing approximately 10% powdered opium by weight ( the equivalent of 1% morphine ) . 
themistocles :: themistocles (; " themistoklẽs " ; " glory of the law " ; c. 524–459 bc ) was an athenian politician and general . 
heraclitus :: heraclitus of ephesus (; , ; c. 535 – c. 475 bc ) was a pre - socratic greek philosopher , and a native of the city of ephesus , then part of the persian empire . 
rigoletto :: rigoletto ( ) is an opera in three acts by giuseppe verdi . 
peacekeeping :: peacekeeping refers to activities intended to create conditions that favour lasting peace . 
częstochowa :: częstochowa , , is a city in southern poland on the warta river with 240,027 inhabitants as of june 2009 . 
diplura :: the order diplura is one of the four groups of hexapods , alongside insects , springtails and protura . 
ceviche :: ceviche ( ) is a seafood dish popular in the coastal regions of latin america and the caribbean . 
vagueness :: in analytic philosophy and linguistics , a concept may be considered vague if its extension is deemed lacking in clarity , if there is uncertainty about which objects belong to the concept or which exhibit characteristics that have this predicate ( so - called " border - line cases " ) , or if the sorites paradox applies to the concept or predicate . 
iaijutsu :: , is a combative quick - draw sword technique . 
owl :: owls are birds from the order strigiformes , which includes about 200 species of mostly solitary and nocturnal birds of prey typified by an upright stance , a large , broad head , binocular vision , binaural hearing , sharp talons , and feathers adapted for silent flight . 
herstory :: herstory is history written from a feminist perspective , emphasizing the role of women , or told from a woman 's point of view . 
orhan :: orhan gazi (; ) ( c.1281 – march 1362 ) was the second bey of the nascent ottoman sultanate ( then known as the ottoman beylik or emirate ) from 1323/4 to 1362 . 
actinium :: actinium is a chemical element with symbol ac and atomic number 89 . 
antiphus :: in greek mythology , antiphus or ántiphos ( ancient greek : ἄντιφος ) is a name attributed to multiple individuals : the name antiphus is not to be confused with antiphōs ( ἀντίφως ) , which refers to a soldier in the army of the seven against thebes who killed chromis but was himself killed by hypseus . 
afrikaans :: afrikaans ( ) is a west germanic language spoken in south africa , namibia and , to a lesser extent , botswana and zimbabwe . 
ball :: a ball is a round object ( usually spherical but sometimes ovoid ) with various uses . 
bethlehem :: bethlehem (; , " house of meat " ; " " , , " house of bread " ; ; ) is a palestinian city located in the central west bank , palestine , about south of jerusalem . 
decimal :: the decimal numeral system ( also called base - ten positional numeral system , and occasionally called denary ) is the standard system for denoting integer and non - integer numbers . 
nutcracker :: a nutcracker is a tool designed to open nuts by cracking their shells . 
honda :: honda has been the world 's largest motorcycle manufacturer since 1959 , as well as the world 's largest manufacturer of internal combustion engines measured by volume , producing more than 14 million internal combustion engines each year . 
hummer :: hummer was a brand of trucks and suvs , first marketed in 1992 when am general began selling a civilian version of the m998 humvee . 
s-expression :: in computing , 
posidonius :: posidonius ( greek : ποσειδώνιος , " poseidonios " , meaning " of poseidon " ) " of apameia " ( ὁ ἀπαμεύς ) or " of rhodes " ( ὁ ῥόδιος ) ( c. 135 bce – c. 51 bce ) , was a greek stoic philosopher , politician , astronomer , geographer , historian and teacher native to apamea , syria . 
batholith :: a batholith ( from greek " bathos " , depth + " lithos " , rock ) is a large mass of intrusive igneous rock ( also called plutonic rock ) that forms from cooled magma deep in the earth 's crust . 
hippocrates :: hippocrates of kos (; ; " hippokrátēs ho kṓos " ; 460 – 370 bc ) , also known as hippocrates ii , was a greek physician of the age of pericles ( classical greece ) , and is considered one of the most outstanding figures in the history of medicine . 
z :: z ( named " zed " or " zee " ) is the 26th and final letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
pseudocode :: pseudocode is an informal high - level description of the operating principle of a computer program or other algorithm . 
fraxinus :: fraxinus , english name ash , is a genus of flowering plants in the olive and lilac family , oleaceae . 
kabir :: kabir ( , iast : kabīr ) was a 15th - century indian mystic poet and saint , whose writings influenced hinduism 's bhakti movement and his verses are found in sikhism 's scripture adi granth . 
endomorphism :: in mathematics , an endomorphism is a morphism ( or homomorphism ) from a mathematical object to itself . 
anesthesia :: in the practice of medicine ( especially surgery and dentistry ) , anesthesia or anaesthesia is a state of temporary induced loss of sensation or awareness . 
nisan :: nisan ( or nissan ; , " nisan " " nîsān " ) on the assyrian calendar is the first month , and on the hebrew calendar is the first month of the ecclesiastical year and the seventh month ( eighth , in leap year ) of the civil year . 
gratian :: gratian (; ; 18 april/23 may 359 – 25 august 383 ) was roman emperor from 367 to 383 . 
calculus :: calculus ( from latin " calculus " , literally ' small pebble ' , used for counting and calculations , like on an abacus ) is the mathematical study of continuous change , in the same way that geometry is the study of shape and algebra is the study of generalizations of arithmetic operations . 
quartet :: in music , a quartet or quartette ( , , , , ) is an ensemble of four singers or instrumental performers ; or a musical composition for four voices or instruments . 
hydrate :: in chemistry , a hydrate is a substance that contains water or its constituent elements . 
guitar :: the guitar is a fretted musical instrument that usually has six strings . 
strophe :: a strophe ( ) is a poetic term originally referring to the first part of the ode in ancient greek tragedy , followed by the antistrophe and epode . the term has been extended to also mean a structural division of a poem containing stanzas of varying line length . 
bremsstrahlung :: bremsstrahlung ( , from " to brake " and " radiation " ; i.e. , " braking radiation " or " deceleration radiation " ) is electromagnetic radiation produced by the deceleration of a charged particle when deflected by another charged particle , typically an electron by an atomic nucleus . 
drum :: the drum is a member of the percussion group of musical instruments . 
two-up :: two - up is a traditional australian gambling game , involving a designated " spinner " throwing two coins or pennies into the air . 
dominoes :: dominoes is a family of games played with rectangular " domino " tiles . 
heraldry :: heraldry ( ) is a broad term , encompassing the design , display , and study of armorial bearings ( known as " armory " ) , as well as related disciplines , such as vexillology , together with the study of ceremony , rank , and pedigree . 
psyche :: psyche ( psyché in french ) is the greek term for " soul " or " spirit " ( ψυχή ) . 
anxiolytic :: an anxiolytic ( also antipanic or antianxiety agent ) is the medication or other intervention that inhibits anxiety . 
yggdrasil :: yggdrasil ( or ; from old norse , pronounced ) is an immense mythical tree that connects the nine worlds in norse cosmology . 
spiral :: in mathematics , a spiral is a curve which emanates from a point , moving farther away as it revolves around the point . 
persephone :: in greek mythology , persephone ( , ; ) , also called kore (; " the maiden " ) or cora , is the daughter of zeus and the harvest goddess demeter and is the queen of the underworld . 
permian :: the permian is a geologic period and system which spans 46.7 million years from the end of the carboniferous period million years ago ( mya ) , to the beginning of the triassic period 251.902 mya . 
reforestation :: reforestation is the natural or intentional restocking of existing forests and woodlands ( forestation ) that have been depleted , usually through deforestation . 
chordate :: a chordate is an animal belonging to the phylum chordata ; they possess a notochord , a hollow dorsal nerve cord , pharyngeal slits , an endostyle , and a post - anal tail , for at least some period of their life cycle . 
islamism :: islamism is a concept whose meaning has been debated in both public and academic contexts . 
consciousness :: consciousness is the state or quality of awareness , or , of being aware of an external object or something within oneself . 
pedology :: pedology ( from greek : πέδον , " pedon " , " soil " ; and λόγος , " logos " , " study " ) is the study of soils in their natural environment . 
sicily :: sicily ( ; , ) is the largest island in the mediterranean sea . 
tongue :: the tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication , and is used in the act of swallowing . 
pinales :: the order pinales in the division pinophyta , class pinopsida , comprises all the extant conifers . 
telegraphy :: telegraphy ( from greek : τῆλε " têle " , " at a distance " and γράφειν " gráphein " , " to write " ) is the long - distance transmission of textual or symbolic ( as opposed to verbal or audio ) messages without the physical exchange of an object bearing the message . 
trie :: in computer science , a trie , also called digital tree and sometimes radix tree or prefix tree ( as they can be searched by prefixes ) , is a kind of search tree— 
mortadella :: mortadella ( ) is a large italian sausage or luncheon meat ( " salume " ) made of finely hashed or ground , heat - cured pork , which incorporates at least 15% small cubes of pork fat ( principally the hard fat from the neck of the pig ) . 
loon :: the loons ( north america ) or divers ( uk / ireland ) are a group of aquatic birds found in many parts of north america and northern eurasia . 
branch :: a branch ( or , ) or tree branch ( sometimes referred to in botany as a ramus ) is a woody structural member connected to but not part of the central trunk of a tree ( or sometimes a shrub ) . 
abati :: abati is a surname . 
anacardiaceae :: the anacardiaceae , commonly known as the cashew family or sumac family , are a family of flowering plants , including about 83 genera with about 860 known species . 
baalbek :: baalbek ( ) , properly baʿalbek ( ) and also known as balbec , baalbec or baalbeck , is a city in the anti - lebanon foothills east of the litani river in lebanon 's beqaa valley , about northeast of beirut and about north of damascus . 
marquetry :: marquetry ( also spelled as marqueterie ; from the french " marqueter " , to varigate ) is the art and craft of applying pieces of veneer to a structure to form decorative patterns , designs or pictures . 
ambisagrus :: in gallo - roman religion , ambisagrus was a gaulish god worshipped at aquileia in cisalpine gaul , where he was identified with jupiter optimus maximus . 
castello :: castello is the italian word for " castle " . 
valaquenta :: valaquenta ( quenya for " tale of the valar " ) is the second section of " the silmarillion " , a collection of j. r. r. tolkien 's mythopoeic works , edited and published posthumously by his son christopher tolkien in 1977 . 
collagen :: collagen is the main structural protein in the extracellular space in the various connective tissues in animal bodies . 
buckwheat :: buckwheat ( " fagopyrum esculentum " ) , also known as common buckwheat , japanese buckwheat and silverhull buckwheat , is a plant cultivated for its grain - like seeds and as a cover crop . 
antlia :: antlia (; from ancient greek " ἀντλία " ) is a constellation in the southern celestial hemisphere . 
maseru :: maseru is the capital and largest city of lesotho . 
clerihew :: a clerihew ( ) is a whimsical , four - line biographical poem invented by edmund clerihew bentley . 
ghostscript :: ghostscript is a suite of software based on an interpreter for adobe systems ' postscript and portable document format ( pdf ) page description languages . 
chess960 :: chess960 , also known as fischer random chess and fischerandom , is a variant of chess invented and advocated by former world chess champion bobby fischer , publicly announced on june 19 , 1996 , in buenos aires , argentina . 
baroque :: the baroque ( or ) is a period of artistic style that used exaggerated motion and clear , easily interpreted detail to produce drama , tension , exuberance , and grandeur in sculpture , painting , architecture , literature , dance , theatre , and music . 
escapology :: escapology is the practice of escaping from restraints or other traps . 
morality :: morality ( from the latin " " " manner , character , proper behavior " ) is the differentiation of intentions , decisions and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper . 
polytope :: in elementary geometry , a polytope is a geometric object with " flat " sides . 
saul :: saul (; ; ; , " ṭālūt " or , " sha'ūl " ) , according to the hebrew bible , was the first king of the kingdom of israel and judah . 
lightning :: lightning is a sudden electrostatic discharge that occurs during a thunderstorm . 
fand :: fand ( ' tear ' ) or fann ( ' weak , helpless person ' ) is an otherworldly woman in irish mythology . 
fail-safe :: a fail - safe in engineering is a design feature or practice that in the event of a specific type of failure , inherently responds in a way that will cause no or minimal harm to other equipment , the environment or to people . 
cervera :: cervera ( , ) is the capital of the " comarca " of segarra , in the province of lleida , catalonia . 
decentralization :: decentralization is the process of distributing or dispersing functions , powers , people or things away from a central location or authority . 
chaosium :: chaosium inc. is one of the oldest publishers of role - playing games still in existence . 
xfl :: the xfl was a professional american football league which played one season in 2001 . 
exciton :: an exciton is a bound state of an electron and an electron hole which are attracted to each other by the electrostatic coulomb force . 
teyrnon :: in welsh tradition , teyrnon twryf lliant is the lord of the kingdom of gwent and the foster father of the divine son , pryderi . 
yard :: the yard ( abbreviation : yd ) is an english unit of length , in both the british imperial and us customary systems of measurement , that comprises 3 feet or 36 inches . 
meliaceae :: meliaceae , or the mahogany family , is a flowering plant family of mostly trees and shrubs ( and a few herbaceous plants , mangroves ) in the order sapindales . 
flagellate :: a flagellate is a cell or organism with one or more whip - like appendages called flagella . 
otorhinolaryngology :: otorhinolaryngology ( also called otolaryngology - head and neck surgery ) is a surgical subspecialty within medicine that deals with conditions of the ear , nose , and throat ( ent ) and related structures of the head and neck . 
manchester :: manchester ( ) is a city and metropolitan borough in greater manchester , england , with a population of 530,300 . 
photocurrent :: photocurrent is the electric current through a photosensitive device , such as a photodiode , as the result of exposure to radiant power . 
durin :: durin is the name of seven kings of dwarves in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
ericaceae :: the ericaceae are a family of flowering plants , commonly known as the heath or heather family , found most commonly in acid and infertile growing conditions . 
supercavitation :: supercavitation is the use of cavitation effects to create a bubble of steam inside a liquid large enough to encompass an object travelling through the liquid , greatly reducing the skin friction drag on the object and enabling achievement of very high speeds . 
june :: june is the sixth month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars and the second month to have the length of 30 days . 
insurance :: insurance is a means of protection from financial loss . 
hymenophore :: a hymenophore refers to the hymenium - bearing structure of a fungal fruiting body . 
iscsi :: in computing , iscsi ( ) is an acronym for internet small computer systems interface , an internet protocol ( ip)-based storage networking standard for linking data storage facilities . 
quasicrystal :: a quasiperiodic crystal , or quasicrystal , is a structure that is ordered but not periodic . 
privateer :: a privateer was a private person or ship that engaged in maritime warfare under a commission of war . 
gimp :: gimp is an free and open source program . 
woodstock :: the woodstock music & art fair — informally , the woodstock festival or simply woodstock— was a music festival in the united states in 1969 which attracted an audience of over 400,000 . 
canchim :: the canchim breed is a breed of beef cattle developed in central brazil by crossing european charolais cattle with indubrazil cattle already kept in brazil where asian zebu type cattle are best suited to the tropical conditions . 
ljubljana :: ljubljana ( , ; also known by other , historical names ) is the capital and largest city of slovenia . 
montparnasse :: montparnasse ( ) ( ) is an area of paris , france , on the left bank of the river seine , centred at the crossroads of the boulevard du montparnasse and the rue de rennes , between the rue de rennes and boulevard raspail . 
k-meleon :: k - meleon is an open - source web browser for microsoft windows . 
renaissance :: the renaissance ( , ) was a period in european history , from the 14th to the 17th century , regarded as the cultural bridge between the middle ages and modern history . 
völsung :: in norse mythology , völsung ( ) was the son of rerir and the eponymous ancestor of the ill - fortuned völsung clan ( ) , which includes the well known norse hero sigurð . 
cryptocrystalline :: cryptocrystalline is a rock texture made up of such minute crystals that its crystalline nature is only vaguely revealed even microscopically in thin section by transmitted polarized light . 
positron :: the positron or antielectron is the antiparticle or the antimatter counterpart of the electron . 
eryx :: in greek mythology , eryx was a king of the city of eryx in sicily . 
spice :: a spice is a seed , fruit , root , bark , or other plant substance primarily used for flavoring , coloring or preserving food . 
cassava :: manihot esculenta ( commonly called cassava ( ) , yuca , manioc , " mandioca " and brazilian arrowroot ) is a woody shrub native to south america of the spurge family , euphorbiaceae . 
contralto :: a contralto ( ) is a type of classical female singing voice whose vocal range is the lowest female voice type . 
elpenor :: in greek mythology , elpenor ( also spelled elpinor ) ( ἐλπήνωρ , gen . : 
knife :: a knife ( plural knives ) is a tool with a cutting edge or blade , hand - held or otherwise , with most having a handle . 
lombards :: the lombards or longobards ( , italian " longobardi " ) were a germanic people who ruled most of the italian peninsula from 568 to 774 . 
postmaster :: a postmaster is the head of an individual post office . 
backnang :: backnang ( ) is a town in germany in the bundesland of baden - württemberg , roughly northeast of stuttgart . 
chrominance :: chrominance ( " chroma " or c for short ) is the signal used in video systems to convey the color information of the picture , separately from the accompanying luma signal ( or y for short ) . 
halfbakery :: halfbakery is a community - based ideas bank used by people who wish to propose and develop ( not always serious ) half - baked inventions . 
ungoliant :: ungoliant is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium , described as an evil spirit in the form of a spider . 
glycerius :: glycerius ( latin : " flavius glycerius augustus " ) ( 420 after 480 ad ) was a western roman emperor from 473 to 474 . 
hounslow :: hounslow ( ) is a district of west london , england , southwest of charing cross . 
mellitus :: mellitus ( died 24 april 624 ) was the first bishop of london in the saxon period , the third archbishop of canterbury , and a member of the gregorian mission sent to england to convert the anglo - saxons from their native paganism to christianity . 
pythia :: the pythia ( , ) , was the name of the high priestess of the temple of apollo at delphi who also served as the oracle , commonly known as the oracle of delphi . 
nascar :: the national association for stock car auto racing ( nascar ) is an american family - owned and operated business venture that sanctions and governs multiple auto - racing sports events . 
powaqqatsi :: powaqqatsi ( ) , or powaqqatsi : life in transformation , is a 1988 american documentary film directed by godfrey reggio and the sequel to reggio 's experimental 1982 film , " koyaanisqatsi " . 
déagol :: déagol is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
anointing :: anointing is the ritual act of pouring aromatic oil over a person 's head or entire body . 
anglicanism :: anglicanism is a western christian tradition that evolved out of the practices , liturgy and identity of the church of england following the protestant reformation in the 16th century . 
photoplotter :: a photoplotter is an electro - mechanical - optical machine that exposes a latent image on a media , usually high - contrast monochromatic ( black - and - white ) photographic film , using a light source under computer control . 
tnt :: trinitrotoluene (; tnt ) , or more specifically 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene , is a chemical compound with the formula ch(no)ch . 
melaleuca :: melaleuca is a genus of nearly 300 species of plants in the myrtle family , myrtaceae , commonly known as paperbarks , honey - myrtles or tea - trees ( although the last name is also applied to species of " leptospermum " ) . 
topology :: in mathematics , topology ( from the greek τόπος , " place " , and λόγος , " study " ) is concerned with the properties of space that are preserved under continuous deformations , such as stretching , crumpling and bending , but not tearing or gluing . 
sozopol :: sozopol ( , " sozopolis " ) is an ancient seaside town located 35 km south of burgas on the southern bulgarian black sea coast . 
sarawak :: sarawak (; ) is a state of malaysia . 
r2-d2 :: r2-d2 is a fictional robot character in the " star wars " franchise created by george lucas , who appears in the original trilogy , the prequel trilogy , the sequel trilogy , and rogue one . 
thurii :: thurii (; ) , called also by some latin writers thurium ( compare in ptolemy ) , for a time also copia and copiae , was a city of magna graecia , situated on the tarentine gulf , within a short distance of the site of sybaris , whose place it may be considered as having taken . 
gambling :: gambling is the wagering of money or something of value ( referred to as " the stakes " ) on an event with an uncertain outcome with the primary intent of winning money or material goods . 
sideshow :: in america , a sideshow is an extra , secondary production associated with a circus , carnival , fair or other such attraction . 
chemisorption :: chemisorption is a kind of adsorption which involves a chemical reaction between the surface and the adsorbate . 
seinfeld :: seinfeld is an american sitcom that ran for nine seasons on nbc , from 1989 to 1998 . 
arabidopsis :: arabidopsis ( rockcress ) is a genus in the family brassicaceae . 
éowyn :: éowyn is a fictional character in tolkien 's legendarium who appears in his most famous work , " the lord of the rings " . 
penguin :: penguins ( order sphenisciformes , family spheniscidae ) are a group of aquatic , flightless birds . 
woodland :: woodland is a low - density forest forming open habitats with plenty of sunlight and limited shade . 
southsea :: southsea is a seaside resort and geographic area , located in portsmouth at the southern end of portsea island , hampshire , england . 
dirkjan :: dirkjan is a dutch comic strip series , created in 1989 by dutch author and artist mark retera . 
augur :: the augur was a priest and official in the classical roman world . 
diores :: in greek mythology , diorês referred to three different people . 
fasa :: fasa corporation was an american publisher of role - playing games , wargames and board games between 1980 and 2001 , after which they closed publishing operations for several years , becoming an ip holding company under the name fasa inc. 
benevento :: benevento ( ) is a city and " comune " of campania , italy , capital of the province of benevento , northeast of naples . 
chronicle :: a chronicle ( , from greek , from , " chronos " , " time " ) is a historical account of facts and events ranged in chronological order , as in a time line . 
misanthropy :: misanthropy is the general hatred , dislike , distrust or contempt of the human species or human nature . 
centriole :: in cell biology a centriole is a cylindrical cell structure composed mainly of a protein called tubulin that is found in most eukaryotic cells . 
nbc :: the national broadcasting company ( nbc ) is an american english language commercial broadcast television network that is a flagship property of nbcuniversal , a subsidiary of comcast . 
decss :: decss was one of the first free computer programs capable of decrypting content on a commercially produced dvd video disc . 
merostomata :: merostomata is a class of chelicerate arthropods that contains the extinct eurypterida ( sea scorpions ) and the extant xiphosura ( horseshoe crabs ) . 
priapism :: priapism is a condition in which a penis remains erect for hours in the absence of stimulation or after stimulation has ended . 
pyrrolysine :: pyrrolysine ( abbreviated as pyl or o ; encoded by the ' amber ' stop codon uag ) is an ɑ - amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins in some methanogenic archaea and bacteria ; it is not present in humans . 
lpd433 :: lpd433 ( low power device 433 mhz ) is a uhf band in which licence free communication devices are allowed to operate . 
homeostasis :: homeostasis is the property of a system within an organism in which a variable , such as the concentration of a substance in solution , is actively regulated to remain very nearly constant . 
angle :: in planar geometry , an angle is the figure formed by two rays , called the " sides " of the angle , sharing a common endpoint , called the " vertex " of the angle . 
np-hardness :: np - hardness ( " n"on - deterministic " p"olynomial - time hardness ) , in computational complexity theory , is the defining property of a class of problems that are , informally , " at least as hard as the hardest problems in np " . 
bdellovibrio :: bdellovibrio is a genus of gram - negative , obligate aerobic bacteria . 
triboluminescence :: triboluminescence is an optical phenomenon in which light is generated through the breaking of chemical bonds in a material when it is pulled apart , ripped , scratched , crushed , or rubbed ( see tribology ) . 
astyoche :: the name astyoche (; ἀστυόχη ) or astyocheia was attributed to the following individuals in greek mythology . 
sköll :: in norse mythology , sköll ( old norse " treachery " ) is a warg that chases the horses árvakr and alsviðr , that drag the chariot which contains the sun ( sól ) through the sky every day , trying to eat her . 
anxiety :: anxiety is an emotion characterized by an unpleasant state of inner turmoil , often accompanied by nervous behavior , such as pacing back and forth , somatic complaints , and rumination . 
enarete :: in greek mythology , enarete ( , ancient greek : " virtuous " literally " in virtue " , from " en " " in " and " arete " " virtue " ) or aenarete ( ancient greek : " ainarete " ) , was the daughter of deimachus , was the wife of aeolus and ancestor of the aeolians . 
playwright :: a playwright , also known as a dramatist , is a person who writes plays . 
kilobyte :: the kilobyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
ceramic :: a ceramic is an inorganic , non - metallic , solid material comprising metal , non - metal or metalloid atoms primarily held in ionic and covalent bonds . 
forestry :: " forestry " is the science and craft of creating , managing , using , conserving , and repairing forests and associated resources to meet desired goals , needs , and values for human and environment benefits . 
caransebeș :: caransebeș (; ; , : ; ) is a city in caraș - severin county , part of the banat region in southwestern romania . 
idmon :: in greek mythology , idmon was an argonaut seer . 
bytom :: bytom ( ; silesian : " bytůń " , ) is a city in silesia in southern poland , near katowice . 
tiresias :: in greek mythology , tiresias (; , " teiresias " ) was a blind prophet of apollo in thebes , famous for clairvoyance and for being transformed into a woman for seven years . 
technology :: technology ( " science of craft " , from greek , " techne " , " art , skill , cunning of hand " ; and , " -logia " ) is the collection of techniques , skills , methods , and processes used in the production of goods or services or in the accomplishment of objectives , such as scientific investigation . 
kl-one :: kl - one ( pronounced " kay ell won " ) is a well known knowledge representation system in the tradition of semantic networks and frames ; that is , it is a frame language . 
asthma :: asthma is a common long - term inflammatory disease of the airways of the lungs . 
euryale :: in greek mythology , euryale (; " far - roaming " ) was the name of the following characters : 
ascanius :: ascanius ( ) ( said to have reigned 1176 - 1138 bc ) a legendary king of alba longa and is the son of the trojan hero aeneas and creusa , daughter of priam . 
bergen :: bergen , historically bjørgvin , is a city and municipality in hordaland on the west coast of norway . , the municipality 's population was 278,121 , and the bergen metropolitan region has about 420,000 inhabitants . 
column :: a column or pillar in architecture and structural engineering is a structural element that transmits , through compression , the weight of the structure above to other structural elements below . 
hemiparesis :: hemiparesis , or unilateral paresis , is weakness of one entire side of the body ( " hemi- " means " half " ) . 
fokker :: fokker was a dutch aircraft manufacturer named after its founder , anthony fokker . 
concentrator :: in the evolution of modern telecommunications systems there was a requirement to connect large numbers of low - speed access devices with large telephone company ' central office ' switches over common paths . 
lampos :: in greek mythology , lampos was the name of three horses . 
amine :: in organic chemistry , amines ( , ) are compounds and functional groups that contain a basic nitrogen atom with a lone pair . 
strepsiptera :: the strepsiptera ( translation : " twisted wing " ' , giving rise to the insects ' common name , twisted - wing parasites ) are an endopterygote order of insects with nine extant families making up about 600 species . 
tórshavn :: tórshavn (; ' thor 's harbour ' ; , ) is the capital and largest town of the faroe islands . 
amphitheatre :: an amphitheatre or amphitheater is an open - air venue used for entertainment , performances , and sports . 
zinc :: zinc is a chemical element with symbol zn and atomic number 30 . 
cornucopia :: in classical antiquity , the cornucopia ( from latin " cornu copiae " ) or horn of plenty was a symbol of abundance and nourishment , commonly a large horn - shaped container overflowing with produce , flowers or nuts . 
photolithography :: photolithography , also termed optical lithography or uv lithography , is a process used in microfabrication to pattern parts of a thin film or the bulk of a substrate . 
euphonium :: the euphonium is a large , conical - bore , baritone - voiced brass instrument that derives its name from the ancient greek word " euphōnos " , meaning " well - sounding " or " sweet - voiced " ( " eu " means " well " or " good " and " phōnē " means " sound " , hence " of good sound " ) . 
heraklion :: heraklion ( , , " irákleio " , , , ) is the largest city and the administrative capital of the island of crete . 
plywood :: plywood is a sheet material manufactured from thin layers or " plies " of wood veneer that are glued together with adjacent layers having their wood grain rotated up to 90 degrees to one another . 
derivative :: the derivative of a function of a real variable measures the sensitivity to change of the function value ( output value ) with respect to a change in its argument ( input value ) . 
infantry :: infantry is the branch of an army that engages in military combat on foot , distinguished from cavalry , artillery , and tank forces . 
fruit :: in botany , a fruit is the seed - bearing structure in flowering plants ( also known as angiosperms ) formed from the ovary after flowering . 
manville :: manville is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
kremvax :: kremvax was originally a fictitious usenet site at the kremlin , named like the then large number of usenet vaxen with names of the form foovax . 
imam :: imam (; ' ; plural : ' ) is the name of an islamic leadership position . 
wire :: a wire is a single , usually cylindrical , flexible strand or rod of metal . 
aerobot :: an aerobot is an aerial robot , usually used in the context of an unmanned space probe or unmanned aerial vehicle . 
hue :: hue is one of the main properties ( called color appearance parameters ) of a color , defined technically ( in the ciecam02 model ) , as " the degree to which a stimulus can be described as similar to or different from stimuli that are described as red , green , blue , and yellow " , ( which in certain theories of colour vision are called unique hues ) . 
tampere :: tampere (; swedish : " tammerfors " ) is a city in pirkanmaa , southern finland . 
abishag :: abishag ( " avishag " ) was a young woman of shunem , distinguished for her beauty . 
koszalin :: koszalin (; ; ) is a city in western pomerania in north - western poland . 
koi :: koi is an informal group of the colored variants of the amur carp . 
kinglassie :: kinglassie ( gaelic : " cille moghlasaidh " ) is a small village and parish in central fife , scotland . 
abaddon :: the hebrew term abaddon ( , " ") , and its two greek equivalents apollyon ( ) as a person / being and tartaros ( τάρταρος ) as a place / time , appears in the bible as name of a place , time , or personification / incarnation of destructive nature . 
caffeine :: caffeine is a central nervous system ( cns ) stimulant of the methylxanthine class . 
skiing :: skiing can be a means of transport , a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow . 
livonia :: livonia ( , , , german and scandinavian languages : " " , latvian and , , archaic english " livland " , " liwlandia " ; ) , a historic region on the eastern shores of the baltic sea , was once the land of the finnic livonians inhabiting the principal ancient livonian county metsepole with its centre at turaida ( in present - day latvia ) . 
communitarianism :: communitarianism is a philosophy that emphasizes the connection between the individual and the community . 
hemolysis :: hemolysis or haemolysis , also known by several other names , is the rupturing ( lysis ) of red blood cells ( erythrocytes ) and the release of their contents ( cytoplasm ) into surrounding fluid ( e.g. blood plasma ) . 
éomer :: éomer is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
britannicus :: tiberius claudius caesar britannicus ( ca . 
crocus :: crocus ( english plural : crocuses or croci ) is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family comprising 90 species of perennials growing from corms . 
merchant :: a merchant is a person who trades in commodities produced by other people . 
business :: a business ( also known as an enterprise , a company , or a firm ) is an organizational entity and legal entity made up of an association of people , be they natural , legal , or a mixture of both who share a common purpose and unite in order to focus their various talents and organize their collectively available skills or resources to achieve specific declared goals and are involved in the provision of goods and services to consumers . 
babel-17 :: babel-17 is a 1966 science fiction novel by american writer samuel r. delany in which the sapir – whorf hypothesis ( that language influences thought and perception ) plays an important part . 
menrva :: menrva ( also spelled menerva ) was an etruscan goddess of war , art , wisdom , and medicine . 
zinf :: zinf is a free audio player released under the gnu general public license . 
gaviiformes :: gaviiformes is an order of aquatic birds containing the loons or divers and their closest extinct relatives . 
voicelessness :: in linguistics , voicelessness is the property of sounds being pronounced without the larynx vibrating . 
axon :: an axon ( from greek ἄξων " áxōn " , axis ) , is a long , slender projection of a nerve cell , or neuron , that typically conducts electrical impulses away from the neuron 's cell body . 
polygyny :: polygyny (; from neoclassical greek πολυγυνία from - " poly- " " many " , and " gyne " " woman " or " wife " ) is the most common and accepted form of polygamy , entailing the marriage of a man with several women . 
distance :: distance is a numerical description of how far apart objects are . 
antipas :: from the greek : " antipater " . 
priest :: a priest or priestess ( feminine ) ( from greek πρεσβύτερος " presbýteros " through latin " presbyter " , " elder " , or from old high german " priast " , " prest " , from vulgar latin " provost " " one put over others " , from latin " praepositus " " person placed in charge " ) , is a religious leader authorized to perform the sacred rituals of a religion , especially as a mediatory agent between humans and one or more deities . 
terran :: a terran is an inhabitant of the planet earth . 
nanoengineering :: nanoengineering is the practice of engineering on the nanoscale . 
cybersex :: cybersex , also called computer sex , internet sex , netsex and , colloquially , cyber or cybering , is a virtual sex encounter in which two or more people connected remotely via computer network send each other sexually explicit messages describing a sexual experience . 
galaxy :: a galaxy is a gravitationally bound system of stars , stellar remnants , interstellar gas , dust , and dark matter . 
princetown :: princetown is a village in the dartmoor national park in the english county of devon . 
halloween :: halloween or hallowe'en ( a contraction of all hallows ' evening ) , also known as allhalloween , all hallows ' eve , or all saints ' eve , is a celebration observed in a number of countries on 31 october , the eve of the western christian feast of all hallows ' day . 
dakodonou :: dakodonou or " dakodonu " or " dako donu " was an early king of the kingdom of dahomey , in present - day benin , ruling from around 1620 until 1645 . 
kokkola :: kokkola ( ) is a town and municipality of finland . 
ketosis :: ketosis is a metabolic state in which some of the body 's energy supply comes from ketone bodies in the blood , in contrast to a state of glycolysis in which blood glucose provides energy . 
triglyceride :: a triglyceride ( tg , triacylglycerol , tag , or triacylglyceride ) is an ester derived from glycerol and three fatty acids ( from " tri- " and " glyceride " ) . 
banacek :: banacek ( pronounced " ban - a - check " ) is an american detective tv series starring george peppard that aired on the nbc network from 1972 to 1974 . 
annar :: in norse mythology , according to the " gylfaginning " , annar ( old norse annarr ' second , another ' ) is the father of jörð ( mother earth ) by nótt ( the night ) . 
nociception :: nociception ( also nocioception or nociperception , from latin " nocere " ' to harm or hurt ' ) is the sensory nervous system 's response to certain harmful or potentially harmful stimuli . 
oxide :: an oxide is a chemical compound that contains at least one oxygen atom and one other element in its chemical formula . 
fin :: a fin is a thin component or appendage attached to a larger body or structure . 
aeolus :: in greek mythology , aeolus (; " aiolos " , modern greek : " quick - moving , nimble " ) is a name shared by three mythical characters . 
auðumbla :: auðumbla ( also spelled " auðumla " , " auðhumbla " , and " auðhumla " ) is a primeval cow appearing in norse mythology . 
plaintiff :: a plaintiff ( π in legal shorthand ) is the party who initiates a lawsuit ( also known as an " action " ) before a court . 
jfet :: the junction gate field - effect transistor ( jfet or jugfet ) is the simplest type of field - effect transistor . 
aesacus :: in greek mythology , aesacus or aisakos (; ) was a son of king priam of troy . 
shikoku :: shikoku island , comprising shikoku and its surrounding islets , covers about and consists of four prefectures : ehime , kagawa , kōchi , and tokushima . 
vectrex :: the vectrex is a vector display - based home video game console that was developed by western technologies / smith engineering . 
qubit :: in quantum computing , a qubit ( ) or quantum bit ( sometimes qbit ) is a unit of quantum information — the quantum analogue of the classical bit . 
batumi :: batumi ( ) is the second largest city of georgia , located on the coast of the black sea in the country 's southwest . 
ideogram :: an ideogram or ideograph ( from greek " idéa " " idea " and " gráphō " " to write " ) is a graphic symbol that represents an idea or concept , independent of any particular language , and specific words or phrases . 
parthenopeus :: " for the hero of mediaeval romance , see partonopeus de blois " in greek mythology , parthenopeus or parthenopaeus ( παρθενοπαῖος ) was one of the seven against thebes , a native of arcadia , described as young and outstandingly good - looking , but at the same time arrogant , ruthless and over - confident , although an unproblematic ally for the argives . 
terni :: terni ( ) is a city in the southern portion of the region of umbria in central italy . 
ankara :: ankara ( ; ) , formerly known as ancyra ( ) and angora , is the capital of the republic of turkey . 
ecuadorians :: the majority of ecuadorians trace their origins to one or more of three geographical sources of human migrations : the pre - hispanic indigenous populations who settled the region over 15,000 years ago , the europeans ( principally spaniards ) who arrived over five centuries ago , and ultimately the black sub - saharan africans whom they imported as slave labor during the same period . 
amputation :: amputation is the removal of a limb by trauma , medical illness , or surgery . 
mekong :: the mekong is a trans - boundary river in southeast asia . 
squid :: a squid ( for superconducting quantum interference device ) is a very sensitive magnetometer used to measure extremely subtle magnetic fields , based on superconducting loops containing josephson junctions . 
brignoles :: brignoles (; ) is a commune in the var " département " in the provence - alpes - côte d'azur region in southern france . 
hellen :: in greek mythology , hellēn (; " bright " ) was the progenitor of the hellenes ( ) . 
ilione :: in greek mythology , ilione was the oldest daughter of king priam and queen hecuba of troy . 
antheia :: antheia ( ) was one of the charites , or graces , of greek mythology and was the goddess of flowers and flowery wreaths . 
samegame :: " samegame " was originally created as " chain shot ! " in 1985 by kuniaki moribe . 
deflate :: in computing , deflate is a lossless data compression algorithm and associated file format that uses a combination of the lz77 algorithm and huffman coding . 
scarlatti :: scarlatti is an italian surname . 
trophonius :: trophonius ( , " trophōnios " ) was a greek hero or daimon or god— 
carmilla :: carmilla is a gothic novella by joseph sheridan le fanu and one of the early works of vampire fiction , predating bram stoker 's " dracula " ( 1897 ) by 26 years . 
denim :: denim is a sturdy cotton warp - faced textile in which the weft passes under two or more warp threads . 
procellariiformes :: procellariiformes is an order of seabirds that comprises four families : the albatrosses , petrels and shearwaters , storm petrels , and diving petrels . 
o :: o ( named " o " , plural " oes " ) is the 15th letter and the fourth vowel in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
euboea :: euboea or evia (; , " evvoia " , ; , " eúboia " , ) is the second - largest greek island in area and population , after crete . 
scheldt :: the scheldt ( , , , ) is a long river in northern france , western belgium and the southwestern part of the netherlands . 
deciduous :: in the fields of horticulture and paper , the term deciduous means " falling off at maturity " and " tending to fall off " in reference to trees and shrubs that seasonally shed leaves , usually in autumn ; to the shedding of petals , after flowering ; and to the shedding of ripe fruit . 
komondor :: the komondor ( in hungarian , the plural form of komondor is " komondorok " ) , also known as the hungarian sheepdog , is a large , white - coloured hungarian breed of livestock guardian dog with a long , corded coat . 
nijmegen :: nijmegen (; nijmeegs : " nimwegen " ) , historically anglicized as nimeguen , is a municipality and a city in the dutch province of gelderland . 
h :: h ( named " aitch " or " haitch " , plural " aitches " ) is the eighth letter in the iso basic latin alphabet . 
dendrite :: dendrites ( from greek δένδρον " déndron " , " tree " ) , also dendrons , are the branched projections of a neuron that act to propagate the electrochemical stimulation received from other neural cells to the cell body , or soma , of the neuron from which the dendrites project . 
asopus :: asopus (; " asôpos " ) is the name of four different rivers in greece and one in turkey . 
danaus :: in greek mythology danaus (; " danaos " ) , was the twin brother of aegyptus , a mythical king of egypt . 
aegeus :: in greek mythology , aegeus ( ) or aegeas ( ) , was an archaic figure in the founding myth of athens . 
dartmoor :: dartmoor is an area of moorland in southern devon , england . 
ukko :: ukko , or äijä or äijö ( finnish : " male grandparent " , " grandfather " , " old man " ) , parallel in estonian mythology to uku , is the god of the sky , weather , harvest and thunder in finnish mythology . 
tacticity :: tacticity ( from greek τακτικός " taktikos " " of or relating to arrangement or order " ) is the relative stereochemistry of adjacent chiral centers within a macromolecule . 
catatonia :: catatonia is a state of psychogenic motor immobility and behavioral abnormality manifested by stupor . 
keratin :: keratin ( ) is one of a family of fibrous structural proteins . 
arianism :: in christianity , arianism is a christological concept which asserts the belief that jesus christ is the son of god who was begotten by god the father at a point in time , is distinct from the father and is therefore subordinate to the father . 
scandium :: scandium is a chemical element with symbol sc and atomic number 21 . 
fact :: a fact is something that is true or can be proved with evidence . 
psittacidae :: the family psittacidae is one of three families of true parrots . 
tizoc :: tizocic or tizocicatzin usually known in english as tizoc , was the seventh tlatoani of tenochtitlan . 
biodegradation :: biodegradation is the disintegration of materials by bacteria , fungi , or other biological means . 
tat-5 :: tat-5 was at&t corporation 's 5th transatlantic telephone cable , in operation from 1970 to 1993 , initially carrying 845 telephone circuits ( simultaneous calls ) , between rhode island and conil de la frontera , ( cádiz ) , spain . 
nemausus :: deus nemausus is often said to have been the celtic patron god of nemausus ( nîmes ) . 
rowrbrazzle :: rowrbrazzle is an amateur press association magazine devoted to funny animal cartoon illustration . " 
peptide :: peptides ( from gr . : 
galanthus :: galanthus ( snowdrop ; greek " gála " " milk " , " ánthos " " flower " ) is a small genus of about 20 species of bulbous perennial herbaceous plants in the family amaryllidaceae . 
britannia :: britannia was a roman - britain province inhabited by the celtic britons , belgae and picts , encompassing parts of the island south of caledonia ( roughly scotland ) of the geographical region of great britain and is the name given to the female personification of the island . 
tuberculosis :: tuberculosis ( tb ) is an infectious disease usually caused by the bacterium " mycobacterium tuberculosis " ( mtb ) . 
carantania :: carantania , also known as carentania ( , , in old slavic " ") , was a slavic principality that emerged in the second half of the 7th century , in the territory of present - day southern austria and north - eastern slovenia . 
opel :: opel automobile gmbh ( opel , ) is a german automobile manufacturer , a subsidiary of the french automobile manufacturer groupe psa since 1 august 2017 . 
verb :: a verb , from the latin " verbum " meaning " word " , is a word ( part of speech ) that in syntax conveys an action ( " bring " , " read " , " walk " , " run " , " learn " ) , an occurrence ( " happen " , " become " ) , or a state of being ( " be " , " exist " , " stand " ) . 
celery :: celery ( " apium graveolens " ) is a marshland plant in the family apiaceae that has been cultivated as a vegetable since antiquity . 
trumpet :: a trumpet is a blown musical instrument commonly used in classical and jazz ensembles . 
photographer :: a photographer ( the greek φῶς ( " phos " ) , meaning " light " , and γραφή ( " graphê " ) , meaning " drawing , writing " , together meaning " drawing with light " ) is a person who makes photographs . 
gin :: gin is a spirit which derives its predominant flavour from juniper berries ( " juniperus communis " ) . 
k :: k ( named " kay " ) is the eleventh letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
guadiana :: the guadiana river ( , ) , or odiana , is an international river defining a long stretch of the portugal - spain border , separating extremadura and andalucia ( spain ) from alentejo and algarve ( portugal ) . 
archery :: archery is the sport , practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows . 
amoz :: amoz ( ) was the father of the prophet isaiah , mentioned in isaiah 1:1 and 2:1 , and in ii kings 19:2 , 20 ; 20:1 . 
erewhon :: erewhon : or , over the range is a novel by samuel butler which was first published anonymously in 1872 . 
altria :: altria group , inc. ( renamed from philip morris companies inc. on january 27 , 2003 ) is an american corporation and one of the world 's largest producers and marketers of tobacco , cigarettes and related products . 
moldova :: moldova ( or sometimes ) , officially the republic of moldova ( , ) , is a landlocked country in eastern europe , bordered by romania to the west and ukraine to the north , east , and south ( by way of the disputed territory of transnistria ) . 
sacrifice :: sacrifice is the offering of food , objects or the lives of animals to a higher purpose , in particular divine beings , as an act of propitiation or worship . 
redlining :: in the united states , redlining is the practice of denying services , either directly or through selectively raising prices , to residents of certain areas based on the racial or ethnic composition of those areas . 
tosefta :: the tosefta ( talmudic aramaic : תוספתא , " supplement , addition " ) is a compilation of the jewish oral law from the late 2nd century , the period of the mishnah . 
mescaline :: mescaline ( 3,4,5-trimethoxyphenethylamine ) is a naturally occurring psychedelic alkaloid of the phenethylamine class , known for its hallucinogenic effects comparable to those of lsd and psilocybin . 
oxbridge :: oxbridge is a " portmanteau " ( composite word ) of " oxford " and " cambridge " , both elite universities in the united kingdom . 
moxie :: moxie is a brand of carbonated beverage that was among the first mass - produced soft drinks in the united states . 
telstra :: telstra corporation ltd. ( known as telstra ) is an australian telecommunications and media company which builds and operates telecommunications networks and markets voice , mobile , internet access , pay television and other entertainment products and services . 
tallangatta :: tallangatta is a town in north - eastern victoria , australia . 
loanword :: a loanword ( also loan word or loan - word ) is a word adopted from one language ( the donor language ) and incorporated into another language without translation . 
macroeconomics :: macroeconomics ( from the greek prefix " makro- " meaning " large " and economics ) is a branch of economics dealing with the performance , structure , behavior , and decision - making of an economy as a whole . 
yugoslavia :: yugoslavia ( serbo - croatian , slovene , macedonian : ' , југославија ; ) was a country in southeast europe during most of the 20th century . 
galen :: aelius galenus or claudius galenus (; ; september 129 ad – / ) , often anglicized as galen and better known as galen of pergamon ( ) , was a prominent greek physician , surgeon and philosopher in the roman empire . 
boiling :: boiling is the rapid vaporization of a liquid , which occurs when a liquid is heated to its boiling point , the temperature at which the vapour pressure of the liquid is equal to the pressure exerted on the liquid by the surrounding atmosphere . 
perkele :: perkele ( ) means devil in modern finnish and is used as a rude profanity . 
grindcore :: grindcore is an extreme genre of music that originated in the early to mid-1980s , drawing inspiration from the most abrasive - sounding musical styles : hardcore punk , extreme metal , industrial and noise rock . 
bohemian :: a bohemian ( ) is a resident of bohemia , a region of the czech republic or the former kingdom of bohemia , a region of the former crown of bohemia ( lands of the bohemian crown ) . 
amphibian :: amphibians are ectothermic , tetrapod vertebrates of the class amphibia . 
taurine :: taurine ( ) , or 2-aminoethanesulfonic acid , is an organic compound that is widely distributed in animal tissues . 
thaler :: the thaler was a silver coin used throughout europe for almost four hundred years . 
marrubium :: marrubium ( horehound or hoarhound ) is a genus of flowering plants in the family lamiaceae , native to temperate regions of europe , north africa , and asia as far east as the xinjiang region of western china . 
music :: music is an art form and cultural activity whose medium is sound organized in time . 
genipa :: genipa is a genus of trees in the family rubiaceae . 
habermas :: habermas is a surname . 
biome :: a biome is a community of plants and animals that have common characteristics for the environment they exist in . 
zanzibar :: zanzibar (; ( zanjibār ) is a semi - autonomous region of tanzania in east africa . 
knowbot :: a knowbot is a kind of bot that collects information by automatically gathering certain specified information from web sites . 
wav :: waveform audio file format ( wave , or more commonly known as wav due to its filename extension ) ( rarely , audio for windows ) is a microsoft and ibm audio file format standard for storing an audio bitstream on pcs . 
zeno :: zeno is the common anglicised form of the greek name zenon ( ) , derived from the theonym zeus . 
wellsburg :: wellsburg is the name of several communities in the united states . 
serpens :: serpens ( " the serpent " , greek ) is a constellation of the northern hemisphere . 
promethium :: promethium ( formerly " prometheum " ) is a chemical element with symbol pm and atomic number 61 . 
statistics :: statistics is a branch of mathematics dealing with the collection , analysis , interpretation , presentation , and organization of data . 
radian :: the radian is the standard unit of angular measure , used in many areas of mathematics . 
darkthrone :: darkthrone is a black metal band from kolbotn , norway . 
iota :: iota (; uppercase ι , lowercase ι ; ) is the ninth letter of the greek alphabet . 
vindolanda :: vindolanda was a roman auxiliary fort ( " castrum " ) just south of hadrian 's wall in northern england . 
delhi :: delhi ( , dilli ) , officially the national capital territory of delhi or nct , is a city and a union territory of india . 
peanuts :: peanuts is a syndicated daily and sunday american comic strip written and illustrated by charles m. schulz , which ran from october 2 , 1950 , to february 13 , 2000 , continuing in reruns afterward . 
cuscuta :: cuscuta ( ) ( dodder ) is a genus of about 100–170 species of yellow , orange , or red ( rarely green ) parasitic plants . 
codex :: a codex ( ) ( from the latin " caudex " for " trunk of a tree " or " block of wood " , " book " ) , plural " codices " ( ) , is a book constructed of a number of sheets of paper , vellum , papyrus , or similar materials . 
grok :: grok is a word coined by american writer robert a. heinlein for his 1961 science fiction novel " stranger in a strange land " . 
tamale :: a tamale ( , ) is a traditional mesoamerican dish made of masa or dough ( starchy , and usually corn - based ) , which is steamed in a corn husk or banana leaf . 
paella :: paella ( or , ; english approximation : or ) is a valencian rice dish . 
amphion :: there are several characters named amphion ( derived from ἀμφί " amphi " " on both sides , in all directions , surrounding " as well as " around , about , near " ) in greek mythology : 
pollutant :: a pollutant is a substance or energy introduced into the environment that has undesired effects , or adversely affects the usefulness of a resource . 
nebula :: a nebula ( latin for " cloud " or " fog " ; pl . 
luigi :: luigi first appeared in the 1983 arcade game " mario bros. " as the character controlled by the second player , and retained this role in " super mario bros. " , " super mario bros. 3 " , " super mario world " , and other titles . 
distillation :: distillation is the process of separating the components or substances from a liquid mixture by selective evaporation and condensation . 
tasmania :: tasmania (; , abbreviated as tas and known colloquially as " tassie " ) is an island state of australia . 
cirth :: the cirth (; plural of certh , in sindarin meaning runes ) are a semi - artificial script , with letters shaped on those of actual runic alphabets , invented by j. r. r. tolkien for the constructed languages he devised and used in his works . 
harpsichord :: a harpsichord is a musical instrument played by means of a keyboard , a row of levers which the player presses . 
trigun :: both manga were adapted into an anime television series in 1998 . 
abomey :: abomey is a city in the zou department of benin . 
tannhäuser :: tannhäuser (; middle high german : " tanhûser " ) was a german minnesinger and poet . 
interrupt :: in system programming , an interrupt is a signal to the processor emitted by hardware or software indicating an event that needs immediate attention . 
lambdamoo :: lambdamoo is an online community of the variety called a moo . 
acritarch :: acritarchs are organic microfossils , present from approximately to the present . 
multiplan :: multiplan was an early spreadsheet program developed by microsoft . 
geophysics :: geophysics is a subject of natural science concerned with the physical processes and physical properties of the earth and its surrounding space environment , and the use of quantitative methods for their analysis . 
adrenoleukodystrophy :: adrenoleukodystrophy is a disease linked to the x chromosome . 
emoticon :: an emoticon ( , , rarely pronounced ) is a pictorial representation of a facial expression using punctuation marks , numbers and letters , usually written to express a person 's feelings or mood . 
polybius :: polybius (; , " polýbios " ; – bc ) was a greek historian of the hellenistic period noted for his work , which covered the period of 264–146 bc in detail . 
smalltalk :: smalltalk is an object - oriented , dynamically typed , reflective programming language . 
ahlab :: ahlab ( - " fatness " ) , a town of asher lying within the unconquered phoenician border ( judg . 
judge :: a judge is a person who presides over court proceedings , either alone or as a part of a panel of judges . 
amymone :: in greek mythology , amymone ( the " blameless " one ) was a daughter of danaus . 
cholesterol :: cholesterol , from the ancient greek " chole- " ( bile ) and " stereos " ( solid ) followed by the chemical suffix " -ol " for an alcohol , is an organic molecule . 
somalia :: somalia ( ; ; ' ) , officially the federal republic of somalia ( , ' ) , is a country located in the horn of africa . 
arcesius :: in greek mythology , arcesius ( also spelled arceisius or arkeisios ; ) was the son of either zeus or cephalus , and king in ithaca . 
butanol :: butanol ( also called butyl alcohol ) is a four - carbon alcohol with a formula of choh , which occurs in five isomeric structures , from a straight - chain primary alcohol to a branched - chain tertiary alcohol ; all are a butyl or isobutyl group linked to a hydroxyl group ( sometimes represented as buoh , n "- buoh , and i "- buoh ) . 
apricot :: an apricot is a fruit , or the tree that bears the fruit , of several species in the genus " prunus " ( stone fruits ) . 
acceleration :: acceleration , in physics , is the rate of change of velocity of an object with respect to time . 
hp-ux :: hp - ux ( from " hewlett packard unix " ) is hewlett packard enterprise 's proprietary implementation of the unix operating system , based on unix system v ( initially system iii ) and first released in 1984 . 
beacon :: a beacon is an intentionally conspicuous device designed to attract attention to a specific location 
ctesiphon :: ctesiphon ( ; ; from parthian / middle persian : " tyspwn " or " tysfwn " ) was an ancient city located on the eastern bank of tigris , and about southeast of present - day baghdad . 
larva :: a larva ( plural : " larvae " ) is a distinct juvenile form many animals undergo before metamorphosis into adults . 
calais :: calais ( , traditionally ; ; ; ) is a town and major ferry port in northern france in the department of pas - de - calais , of which it is a sub - prefecture . 
tennessine :: tennessine is a synthetic superheavy chemical element with symbol ts and atomic number 117 . 
borzoi :: the borzoi ( , literally " fast " ) , also called the russian wolfhound ( ) , is a breed of domestic dog ( " canis lupus familiaris " ) . 
engineering :: engineering is the application of mathematics , science , economics , and social and practical knowledge to invent , innovate , design , build , maintain , research , and improve structures , machines , tools , systems , components , materials , processes , solutions , and organizations . 
cereal :: a cereal is any grass cultivated for the edible components of its grain ( botanically , a type of fruit called a caryopsis ) , composed of the endosperm , germ , and bran . 
heracleidae :: in greek mythology , the heracleidae (; ) or heraclids were the numerous descendants of heracles ( hercules ) , especially applied in a narrower sense to the descendants of hyllus , the eldest of his four sons by deianira ( hyllus was also sometimes thought of as heracles ' son by melite ) other heracleidae included macaria , lamos , manto , bianor , tlepolemus , and telephus . 
abstraction :: abstraction in its main sense is a conceptual process where general rules and concepts are derived from the usage and classification of specific examples , literal ( " real " or " concrete " ) signifiers , first principles , or other methods . " 
sanity :: sanity ( from ) refers to the soundness , rationality and healthiness of the human mind , as opposed to insanity . 
manga :: the term " manga " ( kanji : ; hiragana : ; katakana : ; ; or ) in japan is a word used to refer to both comics and cartooning . 
maxentius :: maxentius (; c. 278 – 28 october 312 ) was roman emperor from 306 to 312 . 
dictionary :: a dictionary , sometimes known as a wordbook , is a collection of words in one or more specific languages , often arranged alphabetically ( or by radical and stroke for ideographic languages ) , which may include information on definitions , usage , etymologies , phonetics , pronunciations , translation , etc . or a book of words in one language with their equivalents in another , sometimes known as a lexicon . 
g :: g ( named " gee " ) is the 7th letter in the iso basic latin alphabet . 
antipatris :: antipatris ( , ancient greek : αντιπατρίς ) was a city built during the first century bc by herod the great , who named it in honour of his father , antipater . 
murphy :: murphy is an irish surname . 
latrun :: latrun ( , " latrun " ; , " al - latrun " ) is located at a strategic hilltop in the latrun salient in the ayalon valley . 
helsingør :: helsingør ( ) , classically known in english as elsinore , is a city in eastern denmark . 
vi :: vi is a screen - oriented text editor originally created for the unix operating system . 
italy :: italy ( ) , officially the italian republic ( ) , is a unitary parliamentary republic in europe . 
kudzu :: kudzu (; also called japanese arrowroot ) is a group of plants in the genus " pueraria " , in the pea family fabaceae , subfamily faboideae . 
anakim :: anakim ( " ‘ ǎnāqîm ") were described as a race of giants , descended from anak , according to the tanakh . 
judah :: judah ( hebrew : יְהוּדָה – often transliterated " yehudah " ) was the fourth son of the biblical patriarch jacob ( israel ) . 
e-prime :: e - prime ( short for english - prime or english prime , sometimes denoted é or e′ ) is a version of the english language that excludes all forms of the verb " to be " , including all conjugations , contractions and archaic forms . 
stoat :: the stoat ( " mustela erminea " ) , also known as the short - tailed weasel , is a mammal of the genus " mustela " of the family mustelidae native to eurasia and north america , distinguished from the least weasel by its larger size and longer tail with a prominent black tip . 
parmenides :: parmenides of elea (; ; fl . late sixth or early fifth century bc ) was a pre - socratic greek philosopher from elea in magna graecia ( greater greece , included southern italy ) . 
respirometer :: a respirometer is a device used to measure the rate of respiration of a living organism by measuring its rate of exchange of oxygen and/or carbon dioxide . 
creationism :: creationism is the religious belief that the universe and life originated " from specific acts of divine creation , " as opposed to the scientific conclusion that they came about through natural processes . 
zwitterion :: in chemistry , a zwitterion ( ; from german " zwitter " , meaning " hermaphrodite " ) , formerly called a dipolar ion , is a molecule with two or more functional groups , of which at least one has a positive and one has a negative electrical charge . 
disperser :: a disperser is a one - sided extractor . 
theodicy :: theodicy ( ) , in its most common form , is an attempt to answer the question of why a good god permits the manifestation of evil . 
itylus :: in greek mythology , itylus , or itylos , was the son of aedon , daughter of pandareus of ephesus and wife of king zethus of thebes . 
qarshi :: qarshi ( / қарши ; " nakhshab " ; karshi ) is a city in southern uzbekistan . 
pliocene :: the pliocene (; also pleiocene ) epoch is the epoch in the geologic timescale that extends from 5.333 million to 2.58 million years bp . 
software :: computer software , or simply software , is a part of a computer system that consists of data or computer instructions , in contrast to the physical hardware from which the system is built . 
reggae :: reggae ( ) is a music genre that originated in jamaica in the late 1960s . 
ore :: an ore is a type of rock that contains sufficient minerals with important elements including metals that can be economically extracted from the rock . 
pantograph :: a pantograph ( greek roots παντ- " all , every " and γραφ- " to write " , from their original use for copying writing ) is a mechanical linkage connected in a manner based on parallelograms so that the movement of one pen , in tracing an image , produces identical movements in a second pen . 
osaka :: historically a merchant city , osaka has also been known as the and served as a center for the rice trade during the edo period . 
godzilla :: godzilla is depicted as an enormous , destructive , prehistoric sea monster awakened and empowered by nuclear radiation . 
athame :: an athame or athamé ( , or ) is a ceremonial blade , generally with a black handle . 
multiculturalism :: multiculturalism is a term used in both sociology and political philosophy . 
nantosuelta :: in celtic mythology , nantosuelta is the goddess of nature the earth , fire , and fertility . 
stereochemistry :: stereochemistry , a subdiscipline of chemistry , involves the study of the relative spatial arrangement of atoms that form the structure of molecules and their manipulation . 
medina :: medina (; , ' , " the radiant city " ; or , ' ( ) , " the city " ) , also transliterated as madīnah , is a city and administrative headquarters of the al - madinah region of saudi arabia . 
animation :: animation is the process of making the illusion of motion and the illusion of change by means of the rapid succession of sequential images that minimally differ from each other . 
sigismund :: sigismund ( variants : sigmund , ) is a german proper name , meaning " protection through victory " , from old high german " sigu " " victory " + " munt " " hand , protection " . 
ticino :: ticino , formally the republic and canton of ticino ( ; ; , ; see also in other languages ) is the southernmost canton of switzerland . 
amphitrite :: in ancient greek mythology , amphitrite (; ) was a sea goddess and wife of poseidon and the queen of the sea . 
glacier :: a glacier ( or ) is a persistent body of dense ice that is constantly moving under its own weight ; it forms where the accumulation of snow exceeds its ablation ( melting and sublimation ) over many years , often centuries . 
audi :: audi ag ( ) is a german automobile manufacturer that designs , engineers , produces , markets and distributes luxury vehicles . 
thuban :: thuban , also designated alpha draconis ( α draconis , abbreviated alpha dra , α dra ) , is a star ( or star system ) in the constellation of draco . 
chelicerata :: the subphylum chelicerata ( or ; new latin , from french " chélicère " , from greek " khēlē " " claw , chela " and " kéras " " horn " ) constitutes one of the major subdivisions of the phylum arthropoda . 
diatom :: diatoms are a major group of microalgae , and are among the most common types of phytoplankton . 
brine :: brine is a high - concentration solution of salt ( usually sodium chloride ) in water . 
witch-hunt :: a witch - hunt is a search for persons labelled " witches " or evidence of witchcraft , often involving moral panic or mass hysteria . 
kangchenjunga :: kangchenjunga ( , " kañcanajaṅghā " ) , also spelled kanchenjunga , is the third highest mountain in the world , and lies partly in nepal and partly in sikkim , india . 
indri :: the indri (; " indri indri " ) , also called the babakoto , is one of the largest living lemurs , with a head - and - body length of about and a weight of between . 
malware :: malware , short for malicious software , is an umbrella term used to refer to a variety of forms of hostile or intrusive software , including computer viruses , worms , trojan horses , ransomware , spyware , adware , scareware , and other malicious programs . 
pseudonym :: a pseudonym ( ) or alias is a name that a person or group assumes for a particular purpose , which can differ from their original or true name ( orthonym ) . 
candela :: the candela ( or ; symbol : cd ) is the base unit of luminous intensity in the international system of units ( si ) ; that is , luminous power per unit solid angle emitted by a point light source in a particular direction . 
scrophulariaceae :: the scrophulariaceae is a family of flowering plants , commonly known as the figwort family . 
snobol :: snobol ( " string oriented and symbolic language " ) is a series of computer programming languages developed between 1962 and 1967 at at&t bell laboratories by david j. farber , ralph e. griswold and ivan p. polonsky , culminating in snobol4 . 
handicraft :: a handicraft , sometimes more precisely expressed as artisanal handicraft or handmade , is any of a wide variety of types of work where useful and decorative objects are made completely by hand or by using only simple tools . 
rip :: rip or r.i.p. is an abbreviation of the english rest in peace or ( in latin ) " requiescat in pace " , often used in epitaphs . 
exxon :: exxon was the brand name of oil and natural resources company exxon corporation , prior to 1972 known as standard oil company of new jersey . 
ischys :: in greek mythology , ischys ( ancient greek : ἰσχύς ) was the son of elatus and hippea , and also the lover of coronis . 
cosmicomics :: cosmicomics is a collection of twelve short stories by italo calvino first published in italian in 1965 and in english in 1968 . 
xml-rpc :: xml - rpc is a remote procedure call ( rpc ) protocol which uses xml to encode its calls and http as a transport mechanism . 
metallocene :: a metallocene is a compound typically consisting of two cyclopentadienyl anions ( cp , which is ) bound to a metal center ( m ) in the oxidation state ii , with the resulting general formula ( ch)m. closely related to the metallocenes are the metallocene derivatives , e.g. titanocene dichloride , vanadocene dichloride . 
garfield :: garfield is an american comic strip created by jim davis . 
yoni :: yoni (; sanskrit : " womb " , " uterus " , " vagina " , " vulva " , " abode " , or " source " ) is a stylised representation of female genitalia representing the goddess shakti in hinduism . 
freeciv :: freeciv is a single , and multiplayer , turn - based strategy game for workstations and personal computers inspired by the proprietary " sid meier 's civilization " series . 
ravenna :: ravenna ( , also locally ; ) is the capital city of the province of ravenna , in the emilia - romagna region of northern italy . 
snafu :: snafu is an acronym that stands for the sarcastic expression " situation normal : all fucked up " . 
skin :: skin is the soft outer tissue covering vertebrates . 
publishing :: publishing is the dissemination of literature , music , or information — the activity of making information available to the general public . 
sparc :: sparc , for scalable processor architecture , is a reduced instruction set computing ( risc ) instruction set architecture ( isa ) originally developed by sun microsystems . 
religion :: religion is any cultural system of designated behaviors and practices , world views , texts , sanctified places , ethics , or organizations , that relate humanity to the supernatural or transcendental . 
papaya :: the papaya ( or ) ( from carib via spanish ) , papaw , ( ) or pawpaw ( ) is the plant carica papaya , one of the 22 accepted species in the genus " carica " of the family caricaceae . 
clementia :: in roman mythology , clementia was the goddess of clemency , leniency , mercy , forgiveness , penance , redemption , absolution and salvation . 
mclaren :: mclaren racing limited , competing as mclaren honda , is a british formula one team based at the mclaren technology centre , woking , surrey , england . 
gamemaster :: a gamemaster ( gm ; also known as game master , game manager , game moderator or referee ) is a person who acts as an organizer , officiant for questions regarding rules , arbitrator , and moderator for a multiplayer role - playing game . 
robotech :: robotech is a science fiction franchise that began with an 85-episode anime television series produced by harmony gold usa in association with tatsunoko production and first released in the united states in 1985 . 
seville :: seville (; , ) is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of andalusia and the province of seville , spain . 
aibo :: aibo ( " artificial intelligence robot " , homonymous with , " pal " or " partner " in japanese ) is a series of robotic pets designed and manufactured by sony . 
clematis :: clematis is a genus of about 300 species within the buttercup family ranunculaceae . 
celeborn :: celeborn ( pronounced with a hard " c " as in " cat " ; ) is a fictional character in j.r.r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
theia :: in greek mythology , theia (; , sometimes rendered thea , théa or thia ) , also called euryphaessa " wide - shining " , is a titaness . 
halophile :: halophiles are organisms that thrive in high salt concentrations . 
tuchulcha :: in etruscan mythology , tuchulcha was a chthonic daemon ( not to be confused with the christian term " demon " ) with pointed ears ( perhaps those of a donkey ) , and hair made of snakes and a beak ( perhaps that of a vulture ) . 
principality :: a principality ( or princedom ) can either be a monarchical feudatory or a sovereign state , ruled or reigned over by a monarch with the title of prince or by a monarch with another title within the generic use of the term " prince " . 
statistician :: a statistician is someone who works with theoretical or applied statistics . 
arawn :: in welsh mythology , arawn ( /'ɑːrɑːʊn/ ) was the king of the otherworld realm of annwn , appearing prominently in the first branch , and alluded to in the fourth . 
e-carrier :: the e - carrier is a member of the series of carrier systems developed for digital transmission of many simultaneous telephone calls by time - division multiplexing . 
beatmatching :: beatmatching or pitch cue is a disc jockey technique of pitch shifting or timestretching an upcoming track to match its tempo to that of the currently playing track , and to adjust them such that the beats ( and , usually , the bars ) are synchronised — i.e. , the kicks and snares in two house records hit at the same time when both records are played simultaneously . 
geelong :: geelong ( ) is a port city located on corio bay and the barwon river , in the state of victoria , australia , south - west of the state capital , melbourne . 
gomoku :: gomoku , also called gobang or five in a row , is an abstract strategy board game . 
clotho :: clotho (; ) is one of the three fates or moirai who spin ( clotho ) , draw out ( lachesis ) and cut ( atropos ) the thread of life in ancient greek mythology . 
blodeuwedd :: blodeuwedd or blodeuedd ( ) , ( middle welsh " flower - faced " , a composite name from " blodeu " " flowers , blossoms " + " gwedd " " face , aspect , appearance " ) , is the wife of lleu llaw gyffes in welsh mythology . 
abydos :: abydos may mean : abidos may mean : 
istria :: istria (; croatian , slovene : " istra " ; istriot : " eîstria " ; italian : " istria " ; german : " istrien " ) , formerly " histria " ( latin ) , is the largest peninsula in the adriatic sea . 
mayday :: mayday is an emergency procedure word used internationally as a distress signal in voice - procedure radio communications . 
burzum :: burzum (; ) is a music project that began in 1991 by the norwegian musician and writer varg vikernes . 
boxing :: boxing is a combat sport in which two people , usually wearing protective gloves , throw punches at each other for a predetermined set of time in a boxing ring . 
sphinx :: a sphinx ( , boeotian : , plural sphinxes or sphinges ) is a mythical creature with the head of a human and the body of a lion . 
valladolid :: valladolid ( or , ) is a city in spain and the " de facto " capital of the autonomous community of castile and león . 
capricornus :: capricornus is one of the constellations of the zodiac . 
cretaceous :: the cretaceous ( , ) is a geologic period and system that spans 79 million years from the end of the jurassic period million years ago ( mya ) to the beginning of the paleogene period mya . 
sign :: a sign is an object , quality , event , or entity whose presence or occurrence indicates the probable presence or occurrence of something else . 
piano :: the piano is an acoustic , stringed musical instrument invented in italy by bartolomeo cristofori around the year 1700 ( the exact year is uncertain ) , in which the strings are struck by hammers . 
zionism :: zionism ( " tsiyyonut " after " zion " ) is the national movement of the jewish people that supports the re - establishment of a jewish homeland in the territory defined as the historic land of israel ( roughly corresponding to canaan , the holy land , or the region of palestine ) . 
mahón :: maó - mahón , sometimes written in english as mahon ( ) ( , ) is a municipality , the capital city of the island of menorca , and seat of the . 
alameda :: an alameda is a street or path lined with trees ( ) . 
uniform :: a uniform is a type of clothing worn by members of an organization while participating in that organization 's activity . 
inflation :: in economics , inflation is a sustained increase in the general price level of goods and services in an economy over a period of time . 
blackbeard :: edward teach or edward thatch ( – 22 november 1718 ) , better known as blackbeard , was an english pirate who operated around the west indies and the eastern coast of britain 's north american colonies . 
manuscript :: a manuscript ( abbreviated ms for singular and mss for plural ) is any document written by hand or typewritten , as opposed to being mechanically printed or reproduced in some indirect or automated way . 
beamwidth :: in telecommunication , the term beamwidth has the following meanings : 1 . 
signwriting :: sutton signwriting , or simply , signwriting , is a system of writing sign languages . 
airbag :: an airbag is a type of vehicle safety device and is an occupant restraint system . 
matrilineality :: matrilineality is the tracing of descent through the female line . 
virgil :: publius vergilius maro (; traditional dates october 15 , 70 bc – september 21 , 19 bc ) , usually called virgil or vergil in english , was an ancient roman poet of the augustan period . 
surfing :: surfing is a surface water sport in which the wave rider , referred to as a surfer , rides on the forward or deep face of a moving wave , which is usually carrying the surfer towards the shore . 
marl :: marl or marlstone is a calcium carbonate or lime - rich mud or mudstone which contains variable amounts of clays and silt . 
dodecahedron :: in geometry , a dodecahedron ( greek , from " dōdeka " " twelve " + " hédra " " base " , " seat " or " face " ) is any polyhedron with twelve flat faces . 
surveillance :: surveillance ( or ) is the monitoring of behavior , activities , or other changing information for the purpose of influencing , managing , directing , or protecting people . 
stonehenge :: stonehenge is a prehistoric monument in wiltshire , england , west of amesbury and north of salisbury . 
pasta :: pasta ( ) is a staple food of traditional italian cuisine , with the first reference dating to 1154 in sicily . 
quail :: quail is a collective name for several genera of mid - sized birds generally placed in the order galliformes . 
bavaria :: bavaria ( ; ) , officially the free state of bavaria ( ) is a landlocked federal state of germany , occupying its southeastern corner . 
fasces :: fasces ( , ( , , a " plurale tantum " , from the latin word " fascis " , meaning " bundle " ) is a bound bundle of wooden rods , sometimes including an axe with its blade emerging . 
veritas :: in roman mythology , veritas , meaning " truth " , is the goddess of truth , a daughter of chronos , the god of time ( who has been identified with saturn - cronus , perhaps first by plutarch ) , and the mother of virtus . 
witchcraft :: witchcraft or witchery broadly means the practice of and belief in magical skills and abilities exercised by solitary practitioners and groups known as covens . 
biróg :: biróg , in irish mythology , is the name of a druidess of the tuatha de danann . 
harmonica :: the harmonica , also known as a french harp or mouth organ , is a free reed wind instrument used worldwide in many musical genres , notably in blues , american folk music , classical music , jazz , country , and rock and roll . 
canasta :: canasta (; spanish for " basket " ) is a card game of the rummy family of games believed to be a variant of 500 rum . 
ectosymbiosis :: ectosymbiosis is symbiosis in which the symbiont lives on the body surface of the host , including internal surfaces such as the lining of the digestive tube and the ducts of glands . 
stuttgart :: stuttgart ( ; ; swabian : " , ; ) is the capital and largest city of the german state of . 
asanga :: asaṅga ( , ; romaji : " mujaku " ) ( fl . 
clutch :: a clutch is a mechanical device which engages and disengages power transmission especially from driving shaft to driven shaft . 
swaziland :: swaziland , officially the kingdom of eswatini ( or ; swazi : " umbuso weswatini " ; sometimes called kangwane or eswatini ) , is a sovereign state in southern africa . 
ipsec :: in computing , internet protocol security ( ipsec ) is a network protocol suite that authenticates and encrypts the packets of data sent over a network . 
twerps :: twerps ( the world 's easiest role - playing system ) is a minimalist role - playing game ( rpg ) originally created by reindeer games ( whose sole product was the " twerps " line ) and distributed by gamescience . 
amasa :: amasa ( עמשא ) or amessai is a person mentioned in the hebrew bible . 
necrosis :: necrosis ( from the greek νέκρωσις " death , the stage of dying , the act of killing " from νεκρός " dead " ) is a form of cell injury which results in the premature death of cells in living tissue by autolysis . 
samuel :: samuel (; ; arabic : " ṣamuil " ; " samouēl " ; ) , is a leader of ancient israel in the books of samuel in the hebrew bible . 
hormone :: a hormone ( from the greek participle “ ” ) is any member of a class of signaling molecules produced by glands in multicellular organisms that are transported by the circulatory system to target distant organs to regulate physiology and behaviour . 
ecoregion :: an ecoregion ( ecological region ) is an ecologically and geographically defined area that is smaller than a bioregion , which in turn is smaller than an ecozone . 
astana :: astana ( , ; ) is the capital city of kazakhstan . 
mackerel :: mackerel is a common name applied to a number of different species of pelagic fish , mostly , but not exclusively , from the family scombridae . 
yeast :: yeasts are eukaryotic , single - celled microorganisms classified as members of the fungus kingdom . 
booting :: in computing , booting ( or booting up ) is the initialization of a computerized system . 
soko :: soko ( cyrillic : соко ) was an yugoslav aircraft manufacturer based in mostar , sr bosnia and herzegovina . 
uppsala :: uppsala (; older spelling " upsala " ) is the capital of uppsala county and the fourth largest city of sweden , after stockholm , gothenburg and malmö . 
deoxyribose :: deoxyribose , or more precisely 2-deoxyribose , is a monosaccharide with idealized formula h−(c = o)−(ch)−(choh)−h. its name indicates that it is a deoxy sugar , meaning that it is derived from the sugar ribose by loss of an oxygen atom . 
epigram :: an epigram is a brief , interesting , memorable , and sometimes surprising or satirical statement . 
firefly :: the lampyridae are a family of insects in the beetle order coleoptera . 
morocco :: morocco (; ; ; ) , officially known as the kingdom of morocco ( , lit . " 
belisama :: in celtic polytheism , belisama ( epigraphically ) was a goddess worshipped in gaul . 
phish :: phish is an american rock band that was founded at the university of vermont in burlington , vermont in 1983 . 
courage :: courage ( also called bravery or valour ) is the choice and willingness to confront agony , pain , danger , uncertainty , or intimidation . 
hellbender :: the hellbender ( " cryptobranchus alleganiensis " ) , also known as the hellbender salamander , is a species of aquatic giant salamander endemic to eastern north america . 
abhorrers :: abhorrers , the name given in 1679 to the persons who expressed their abhorrence at the action of those who had signed petitions urging king charles ii of england to assemble parliament . 
evaporation :: evaporation is a type of vaporization of a liquid that occurs from the surface of a liquid into a gaseous phase that is not saturated with the evaporating substance . 
oeneus :: in greek mythology , oeneus ( , " oineús " ) was a calydonian king . 
photosphere :: the photosphere is a star 's outer shell from which light is radiated . 
sumatra :: sumatra ( ) is a large island in western indonesia that is part of the sunda islands . 
tax :: a tax ( from the latin " taxo " ) is a mandatory financial charge or some other type of levy imposed upon a taxpayer ( an individual or other legal entity ) by a governmental organization in order to fund various public expenditures . 
raphael :: raffaello sanzio da urbino (; march 28 or april 6 , 1483april 6 , 1520 ) , known as raphael ( , ) , was an italian painter and architect of the high renaissance . 
metz :: metz (; ) is a city in northeast france located at the confluence of the moselle and the seille rivers . 
lance :: the lance is a pole weapon or spear designed to be used by a mounted warrior or cavalry soldier ( lancer ) . 
leet :: leet ( or " 1337 " ) , also known as eleet or leetspeak , is an alternative alphabet for many languages that is used primarily on the internet . 
stout :: stout is a dark beer made using roasted malt or roasted barley , hops , water and yeast . 
road :: a road is a thoroughfare , route , or way on land between two places that has been paved or otherwise improved to allow travel by foot or some form of conveyance , including a motor vehicle , cart , bicycle , or horse . 
nextstep :: nextstep is a discontinued object - oriented , multitasking operating system based on unix . 
photon :: a photon is a type of elementary particle , the quantum of the electromagnetic field including electromagnetic radiation such as light , and the force carrier for the electromagnetic force ( even when static via virtual particles ) . 
pheasant :: pheasants ( ) are birds of several genera within the subfamily phasianinae , of the family phasianidae in the order galliformes . the family 's native range is restricted to asia . 
federalist :: the term federalist describes several political beliefs around the world . 
egalitarianism :: egalitarianism ( ) – or equalitarianism – is a school of thought that prioritizes equality for all people . 
orithyia :: orithyia (; " ōreithuia " ; ) was the daughter of king erechtheus of athens and his wife , praxithea , in greek mythology . 
ionization :: ionization is the process by which an atom or a molecule acquires a negative or positive charge by gaining or losing electrons to form ions , often in conjunction with other chemical changes . 
earth :: earth is the third planet from the sun and the only object in the universe known to harbor life . 
novella :: a novella is a text of written , fictional , narrative prose normally longer than a short story but shorter than a novel , somewhere between 7,500 and 40,000 words . 
omnipotence :: omnipotence is the quality of having unlimited power . 
eriocaulales :: eriocaulales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
goliath :: goliath (; ; arabic : جالوت " ǧulyāt " , " ǧālūt " ) of gath ( one of five city - states of the philistines ) was the biblical warrior defeated by the young david in the book of samuel . 
tamesis :: tamesis was the ancient name for the river thames . 
feyenoord :: feyenoord rotterdam ( ) is a dutch professional football club based in rotterdam , playing in the eredivisie . 
polyvinylpyrrolidone :: polyvinylpyrrolidone ( pvp ) , also commonly called polyvidone or povidone , is a water - soluble polymer made from the monomer " n "- vinylpyrrolidone : pvp was used as a plasma volume expander for trauma victims after the 1950s . 
benzodiazepine :: benzodiazepines ( bzd , bzs ) , sometimes called " benzos " , are a class of psychoactive drugs whose core chemical structure is the fusion of a benzene ring and a diazepine ring . 
muses :: the muses are the inspirational goddesses of literature , science , and the arts in greek mythology . 
britpop :: britpop is a uk based music and culture movement in the mid 1990s which emphasised " britishness " , and produced bright , catchy pop music , partly in reaction to the popularity of the darker lyrical themes of the us - led grunge music , an alternative rock genre , and to the uk 's own shoegazing music scene . 
pig :: a pig is any of the animals in the genus sus , within the even - toed ungulate family suidae . 
senecio :: senecio is a genus of the daisy family ( asteraceae ) that includes ragworts and groundsels . 
dice :: dice ( singular die or dice ; from old french " dé " ; from latin " datum " " something which is given or played " ) are small throwable objects with multiple resting positions , used for generating random numbers . 
liseberg :: liseberg is an amusement park located in gothenburg , sweden , that opened in 1923 . 
peloponnese :: the peloponnese ( ) or peloponnesus (; , " pelopónnēsos " ) is a peninsula and geographic region in southern greece . 
rafflesia :: rafflesia is a genus of parasitic flowering plants . 
cno :: cno is a three - letter initialism . 
terah :: terah or térach ( ) is a biblical figure in the book of genesis , son of nahor , son of serug and father of the patriarch abraham , all descendants of shem 's son arpachshad . 
loris :: loris is the common name for the strepsirrhine primates of the subfamily lorinae ( sometimes spelled lorisinae ) in the family lorisidae . " loris " is one genus in this subfamily and includes the slender lorises , while " nycticebus " is the genus containing the slow lorises . lorises are nocturnal . 
coeus :: in greek mythology , coeus ( , koios , " query , questioning " ) was one of the titans , the giant sons and daughters of uranus ( heaven ) and gaia ( earth ) . 
vegemite :: vegemite ( ) is a thick , black australian food spread made from leftover brewers ' yeast extract with various vegetable and spice additives . 
magnavox :: magnavox ( latin for " great voice " ) , ( stylized as magnavox ) is an american electronics company founded in the united states . 
speex :: speex is an audio compression format designed for speech and also a free software speech codec that may be used on voip applications and podcasts . 
cigar :: a cigar is a rolled bundle of dried and fermented tobacco leaf , produced in a variety of types and sizes to be smoked . 
wok :: a wok ( from cantonese ) is a versatile round - bottomed cooking vessel , originating from china . 
gwynedd :: gwynedd (; ) is an area in north - west wales , named after the old kingdom of gwynedd . 
corcovado :: corcovado ( ) , meaning " hunchback " in portuguese , is a mountain in central rio de janeiro , brazil . 
provisioning :: in telecommunication , provisioning involves the process of preparing and equipping a network to allow it to provide ( new ) services to its users . 
postgresql :: postgresql , often simply postgres , is an object - relational database management system ( ordbms ) with an emphasis on extensibility and standards compliance . 
nitrogen :: nitrogen is a chemical element with symbol n and atomic number 7 . 
infant :: an infant ( from the latin word " infans " , meaning " unable to speak " or " speechless " ) is the more formal or specialised synonym for " baby " , the very young offspring of a human . 
agriculture :: agriculture is the cultivation and breeding of animals , plants and fungi for food , fiber , biofuel , medicinal plants and other products used to sustain and enhance human life . 
bushido :: ￼ the " way " originates from the " samurai " moral values , most commonly stressing some combination of sincerity , frugality , loyalty , martial arts mastery , and honour until death . 
tutsi :: the tutsi (; ) , or abatutsi , are an ethnic group inhabiting the african great lakes region . 
alcibiades :: alcibiades , son of cleinias , from the deme of scambonidae (; greek : , transliterated " alkibiádēs kleiníou skambōnídēs " ; c. 450–404 bc ) , was a prominent athenian statesman , orator , and general . 
sunlight :: sunlight is a portion of the electromagnetic radiation given off by the sun , in particular infrared , visible , and ultraviolet light . 
friends :: friends ( stylized as f•r•i•e•n•d•s ) is an american television sitcom , created by david crane and marta kauffman , which aired on nbc from september 22 , 1994 , to may 6 , 2004 , lasting ten seasons . 
diphtheria :: diphtheria is an infection caused by the bacterium " corynebacterium diphtheriae " . 
metempsychosis :: metempsychosis ( ) is a philosophical term in the greek language referring to transmigration of the soul , especially its reincarnation after death . 
ibrowse :: ibrowse is a mui - based web browser for the amiga range of computers , and was a rewritten follow - on to amiga mosaic , one of the first web browsers for the amiga computer . 
thailand :: thailand ( ) , officially the kingdom of thailand and formerly known as siam , is a country at the centre of the indochinese peninsula in southeast asia . 
macguffin :: in fiction , a macguffin ( sometimes mcguffin or maguffin ) is a plot device in the form of some goal , desired object , or other motivator that the protagonist pursues , often with little or no narrative explanation . 
chronology :: chronology ( from latin " chronologia " , from ancient greek , " chrónos " , " time " ; and , " -logia " ) is the science of arranging events in their order of occurrence in time . 
aequitas :: aequitas ( genitive " aequitatis " ) is the latin concept of justice , equality , conformity , symmetry , or fairness . 
glycolysis :: glycolysis ( from " glycose " , an older term for glucose + " -lysis " degradation ) is the metabolic pathway that converts glucose cho , into pyruvate , chcocoo + h. the free energy released in this process is used to form the high - energy molecules atp ( adenosine triphosphate ) and nadh ( reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide ) . 
rabbit :: rabbits are small mammals in the family leporidae of the order lagomorpha , found in several parts of the world . 
glass :: glass is a non - crystalline amorphous solid that is often transparent and has widespread practical , technological , and decorative usage in , for example , window panes , tableware , and optoelectronics . 
julia :: julia is usually a woman 's given name . 
bandy :: bandy is a team winter sport played on ice , in which skaters use sticks to direct a ball into the opposing team 's goal . 
abuja :: abuja ( ) is the capital city of nigeria located in the centre of the country within the federal capital territory ( fct ) . 
aspartame :: aspartame ( apm ) is an artificial , non - saccharide sweetener used as a sugar substitute in some foods and beverages . 
plzeň :: plzeň ( ) , also called pilsen in english and german , is a city in western bohemia in the czech republic . 
byzantium :: byzantium or byzantion (; , " byzántion " ) was an ancient greek colony in early antiquity that later became constantinople , and later istanbul . 
triticale :: triticale ( × " triticosecale " ) , is a hybrid of wheat ( triticum " ) and rye ( " secale ) first bred in laboratories during the late 19th century in scotland and germany . 
do-aklin :: do - aklin or gangnihessou ( ganye hessou ) or dogbari is claimed as the founder of the fon kingdom of dahomey in present - day benin and the first person in the royal lineage of the kings of dahomey ( the aladaxonou dynasty ) . 
verðandi :: in norse mythology , verðandi ( old norse , meaning possibly " happening " or " present " ) , sometimes anglicized as verdandi or verthandi , is one of the norns . 
woodworking :: woodworking is the activity or skill of making items from wood , and includes cabinet making ( cabinetry and furniture ) , wood carving , joinery , carpentry , and woodturning . 
bacău :: bacău (; , ) is the main city in bacău county , romania . 
feedback :: feedback occurs when outputs of a system are routed back as inputs as part of a chain of cause - and - effect that forms a circuit or loop . 
lichas :: in greek mythology , lichas (; ) was heracles ' servant , who brought the poisoned shirt from deianira to hercules because of deianira 's jealousy of iole , which killed him . 
schematic :: a schematic , or schematic diagram , is a representation of the elements of a system using abstract , graphic symbols rather than realistic pictures . 
réunion :: réunion ( , ; previously " île bourbon " ) is an island and region of france in the indian ocean , east of madagascar and southwest of mauritius . 
quarterback :: a quarterback ( commonly abbreviated " qb " ) is a position in american and canadian football . 
junit :: junit is a unit testing framework for the java programming language . 
polychaete :: the polychaeta , also known as the bristle worms or polychaetes , are a paraphyletic class of annelid worms , generally marine . 
design :: design is the creation of a plan or convention for the construction of an object , system or measurable human interaction ( as in architectural blueprints , engineering drawings , business processes , circuit diagrams , and sewing patterns ) . 
orwellian :: " orwellian " is seen as an adjective describing a situation , idea , or societal condition that george orwell identified as being destructive to the welfare of a free and open society . 
ductility :: in materials science , 
éraic :: éraic ( or " eric " ) was the irish equivalent of the welsh galanas and the anglo - saxon and scandic weregild , a form of tribute paid in reparation for murder or other major crimes . 
aerope :: in greek mythology , aerope ( ancient greek : ἀερόπη ) was a daughter of catreus , the king of crete , and sister to clymene , apemosyne and althaemenes . 
afghanistan :: afghanistan (; pashto / dari : , pashto : " afġānistān " , dari : " afġānestān " ) , officially the islamic republic of afghanistan , is a landlocked country located within south asia and central asia . 
buckriders :: the buckriders ( , ) , are a part of dutch folklore , ghosts or demons , who rode through the sky on the back of flying goats provided to them by satan . 
polyandry :: polyandry (; from " poly- " , " many " and ἀνήρ " anēr " , " man " ) is a form of polygamy in which a woman takes two or more husbands at the same time . 
hauts-de-seine :: hauts - de - seine (; literally " " heights of seine " " ) is a department of france . 
mitchella :: mitchella is a genus of flowering plants in the rubiaceae family . 
galerius :: galerius (; ; c. 260 – april or may 311 ) was roman emperor from 305 to 311 . 
moscow :: moscow ( or ; ) is the capital and most populous city of russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.1 million within the urban area . 
august :: august is the eighth month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars , falling between july and september , and the fifth month to have the length of 31 days . 
openoffice.org :: openoffice.org ( ooo ) , commonly known as openoffice , is a discontinued open - source office suite . 
bollywood :: bollywood , formally known as hindi cinema , is the indian hindi language film industry , based in the city of mumbai ( formerly bombay ) , maharashtra , india . 
archipelago :: an archipelago ( ) , sometimes called an island group or island chain , is a chain , cluster or collection of islands , or sometimes a sea containing a small number of scattered islands . 
duron :: amd duron refers to a line of budget x86-compatible microprocessors manufactured by amd . 
emperor :: an emperor ( through old french " empereor " from latin imperator ) is a monarch , usually the sovereign ruler of an empire or another type of imperial realm . 
sedevacantism :: sedevacantism is the position , held by a minority of traditionalist catholics , that the present occupant of the holy see is not truly pope due to the mainstream church 's espousal of the heresy of modernism and that , for lack of a valid pope , the see has been vacant since the death of pope pius xii in 1958 . 
baphetidae :: baphetidae is an extinct family of early tetrapods . 
chinatown :: a chinatown ( ) is an ethnic enclave of chinese or han people located outside mainland china or taiwan , most often in an urban setting . 
rosales :: rosales is an order of flowering plants . 
promiscuity :: promiscuity is the practice of having casual sex frequently with different partners or being indiscriminate in the choice of sexual partners . 
monster :: a monster is any creature , usually found in legends or horror fiction , that is often hideous and may produce fear or physical harm by its appearance or its actions . 
adventure :: an adventure is an exciting or unusual experience . 
mercenary :: a mercenary is a person who takes part in an armed conflict who is not a national or party to the conflict and is " motivated to take part in the hostilities by desire for private gain " . 
simulation :: simulation is the imitation of the operation of a real - world process or system over time . 
dacoity :: dacoity is a term used for " banditry " in bengali , odiya , hindi , kannada and urdu . 
pilgrimage :: a pilgrimage is a journey or search of moral or spiritual significance . 
labyrinth :: in greek mythology , the labyrinth ( greek : λαβύρινθος " labyrinthos " ) was an elaborate structure designed and built by the legendary artificer daedalus for king minos of crete at knossos . 
xenogears :: created by tetsuya takahashi and his wife kaori tanaka as a proposal for " final fantasy vii " , it was allowed to be developed as its own project , first as a sequel to " chrono trigger " and then as a wholly original game with a science fiction premise . 
aesthetics :: aesthetics ( or ; also spelled æsthetics and esthetics ) is a branch of philosophy that explores the nature of art , beauty , and taste , with the creation and appreciation of beauty . 
flunitrazepam :: flunitrazepam , also known as rohypnol among other names , is an intermediate acting benzodiazepine used in some countries to treat severe insomnia and in fewer , early in anesthesia . 
playdia :: the ( developed under the codename " ba - x " ) is a home video game console released exclusively in japan in 1994 at the initial price of ¥ 24,800 . 
axiom :: an axiom or postulate is a statement that is taken to be true , to serve as a premise or starting point for further reasoning and arguments . 
freidorf :: freidorf ( german for " free village " ; ) was one of the first german settlements in temes county , kingdom of hungary . 
cossacks :: cossacks ( , , belarusian : казакi , polish : " kozacy " , slovak : " kozáci " , hungarian : " kozákok " ) are a group of predominantly east slavic - speaking people who became known as members of democratic , self - governing , semi - military communities , predominantly located in ukraine and russia . 
context-sensitive :: context - sensitive is an adjective meaning " depending on context " or " depending on circumstances " . 
niobids :: in greek mythology , the niobids were the children of amphion of thebes and niobe , slain by apollo and artemis because niobe , born of the royal house of phrygia , had boastfully compared the greater number of her own offspring with those of leto , apollo 's and artemis ' mother : a classic example of " hubris " . 
battlecruiser :: the battlecruiser , or battle cruiser , was a type of capital ship of the first half of the 20th century . 
ligament :: in anatomy , a ligament is the fibrous connective tissue that connects bones to other bones and is also known as " articular ligament " , " articular larua " , " fibrous ligament " , or " true ligament " . 
news :: news ( network extensible window system ) is a discontinued windowing system developed by sun microsystems in the mid-1980s . 
intuitionism :: in the philosophy of mathematics , intuitionism , or neointuitionism ( opposed to preintuitionism ) , is an approach where mathematics is considered to be purely the result of the constructive mental activity of humans rather than the discovery of fundamental principles claimed to exist in an objective reality . 
seth :: seth ( hebrew : , " se̞ṭ " , " šēṯ " ; " shīth " شِيث ; ; " placed ; appointed " ; [ " sé : th " ] ) , in judaism , christianity , mandaeism , and islam , was the third son of adam and eve and brother of cain and abel , who were the only other of their children mentioned by name in the tanakh ( hebrew bible ) . 
chamaeleon :: chamaeleon ( ) is a small constellation in the southern sky . 
jaguar :: the jaguar ( " panthera onca " ) is a big cat , a feline in the " panthera " genus , and is the only extant " panthera " species native to the americas . 
percopsiformes :: the percopsiformes are a small order of ray - finned fishes , comprising the trout - perch and its allies . 
erosion :: in earth science , erosion is the action of surface processes ( such as water flow or wind ) that remove soil , rock , or dissolved material from one location on the earth 's crust , and then transport it away to another location . 
tarascon :: tarascon ( ) , sometimes referred to as tarascon - sur - rhône , is a commune situated at the extreme west of the bouches - du - rhône department of france in the provence - alpes - côte d'azur region . 
bayesian :: bayesian refers to methods in probability and statistics named after thomas bayes ( c. 1702–61 ) , in particular methods related to statistical inference : 
badakhshan :: badakhshan ( pashto/ , " badaxšân " ; , " badaxşon " ; ; , dungan : бадахәшон , xiao'erjing : بَا دَا کْ شًا , ming dynasty era chinese name- 巴丹沙 ) is a historic region comprising parts of what is now northeastern afghanistan and southeastern tajikistan . 
nagasaki :: during world war ii , the american atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki made nagasaki the second and , to date , last city in the world to experience a nuclear attack . 
faust :: faust is the protagonist of a classic german legend , based on the historical johann georg faust ( c. 1480–1540 ) . 
shriners :: shriners international , also commonly known as the shriners , is a society established in 1870 and is headquartered in tampa , florida , usa . 
spouse :: a spouse is a life partner in a holy matrimony , marriage , civil union , domestic partnership or common - law marriage . 
hyphen :: the hyphen ( ‐ ) is a punctuation mark used to join words and to separate syllables of a single word . 
evangelicalism :: evangelicalism ( ) , evangelical christianity , or evangelical protestantism , is a worldwide , trans - denominational movement within protestant christianity which maintains the belief that the essence of the gospel consists of the doctrine of salvation by grace through faith in jesus christ 's atonement . 
voortrekkers :: the voortrekkers ( afrikaans and dutch for " pioneers " , literally " fore - pullers " , " those in front who pull " , " fore - trekkers " ) were boer pastoralists from the frontiers of the cape colony who migrated eastwards during the great trek . 
backbone :: backbone is the vertebral column of a vertebrate organism . 
monomer :: a monomer ( ) ( " mono- " , " one " + " -mer " , " part " ) is a molecule that , as a unit , binds chemically or supramolecularly to other molecules to form a supramolecular polymer . 
tantalus :: tantalus ( , " tántalos " ) was a greek mythological figure , most famous for his eternal punishment in tartarus . 
nycteus :: in greek mythology , nycteus or ( ) was a king of thebes . 
feldspar :: feldspars ( kalsio – naalsio – caalsio ) are a group of rock - forming tectosilicate minerals that make up about 41% of the earth 's continental crust by weight . 
arianespace :: arianespace sa is a multinational company founded in 1980 as the world 's first commercial launch service provider . 
metrication :: metrication or 
shamash :: shamash ( akkadian : šamaš ud ) was the solar deity in ancient semitic religion , corresponding to the sumerian god utu . 
forest :: a forest is a large area dominated by trees . 
's-hertogenbosch :: ' s - hertogenbosch ( , literally " the duke 's forest " in english , and historically in french : bois - le - duc ) , colloquially known as den bosch ( , literally " the forest " in english ) , is a city and municipality in the southern netherlands . 
entamoeba :: entamoeba is a genus of amoebozoa found as internal parasites or commensals of animals . 
abjuration :: abjuration is the solemn repudiation , abandonment , or renunciation by or upon oath , often the renunciation of citizenship or some other right or privilege . 
glaðsheimr :: in norse mythology , glaðsheimr ( old norse " bright home " ) is a realm in asgard where odin 's hall of valhalla is located according to " grímnismál " . 
candidiasis :: candidiasis is a fungal infection due to any type of " candida " ( a type of yeast ) . 
morgantown :: morgantown is the name of several places in the united states of america : 
jarnac :: jarnac is a commune in the charente department in southwestern france . 
apraxia :: apraxia is a motor disorder caused by damage to the brain ( specifically the posterior parietal cortex ) , in which the individual has difficulty with the motor planning to perform tasks or movements when asked , provided that the request or command is understood and he / she is willing to perform the task . 
armadillo :: armadillos are new world placental mammals in the order cingulata with a leathery armour shell . 
christmas :: christmas is an annual festival commemorating the birth of jesus christ , observed most commonly on december 25 as a religious and cultural celebration among billions of people around the world . 
ghost :: in folklore , a ghost ( sometimes known as an apparition , haunt , phantom , poltergeist , shade , specter or spectre , spirit , spook , and wraith ) is the soul or spirit of a dead person or animal that can appear to the living . 
multiplication :: multiplication ( often denoted by the cross symbol " × " , by a point " ⋅ " , by juxtaposition , or , on computers , by an asterisk " ∗ " ) is one of the four elementary mathematical operations of arithmetic ; with the others being addition , subtraction and division . 
carambola :: carambola or starfruit , is the fruit of " averrhoa carambola " , a species of tree native to the philippines , indonesia , malaysia , vietnam , nepal , india , bangladesh , sri lanka , mauritius and seychelles . 
tachi :: a was a type of traditionally made japanese sword worn by the samurai class of feudal japan . 
alkaloid :: alkaloids are a group of naturally occurring chemical compounds that mostly contain basic nitrogen atoms . 
motörhead :: motörhead ( ) were an english rock band formed in june 1975 by bassist , singer , and songwriter ian fraser " lemmy " kilmister , who was the sole constant member , guitarist larry wallis and drummer lucas fox . 
gla'aki :: glaaki ( often written as gla'aki ) is a fictional character in the cthulhu mythos . 
orestes :: in greek mythology , orestes (; ) was the son of clytemnestra and agamemnon . 
rubus :: rubus is a large and diverse genus of flowering plants in the rose family , rosaceae , subfamily rosoideae , with 250–700 species . 
locust :: locusts are certain species of short - horned grasshoppers in the family acrididae that have a swarming phase . 
glasses :: glasses , also known as eyeglasses or spectacles , are devices consisting of glass or hard plastic lenses mounted in a frame that holds them in front of a person 's eyes , typically using a bridge over the nose and arms which rest over the ears . 
rococo :: rococo ( or ) , less commonly roccoco , or " late baroque " , is an early to late 18th - century french artistic movement and style , affecting many aspects of the arts including painting , sculpture , architecture , interior design , decoration , literature , music , and theatre . 
hyderabad :: hyderabad ( ; often ) is the capital of the southern indian state of telangana and " de jure " capital of andhra pradesh . 
senate :: a senate is a deliberative assembly , often the upper house or chamber of a bicameral legislature or parliament . 
kentucky :: kentucky ( , ) , officially the commonwealth of kentucky , is a state located in the east south - central region of the united states . 
goofy :: goofy is a funny - animal cartoon character created in 1932 at walt disney productions . 
samaritans :: the samaritans ( samaritan hebrew : ࠔࠠࠌࠝࠓࠩࠉࠌ , " shamerim " ( שַמֶרִים ) , meaning " guardians / keepers / watchers " ( of the torah ) , , ) are an ethnoreligious group of the levant originating from the israelites ( or hebrews ) of the ancient near east . 
gnumeric :: gnumeric ( ) is a spreadsheet program that is part of the gnome free software desktop project . 
mp/m :: mp / m ( multi - programming monitor control program ) is a discontinued multi - user version of the cp / m operating system , created by digital research developer tom rolander in 1979 . 
recife :: recife ( ) is the fourth - largest urban agglomeration in brazil with 3,995,949 inhabitants , the largest urban agglomeration of the north / northeast regions , and the capital and largest city of the state of pernambuco in the northeast corner of south america . 
kahuna :: kahuna is a hawaiian word , defined in as a " priest , sorcerer , magician , wizard , minister , expert in any profession " . 
trento :: trento ( anglicized as trent ; local dialects : " trènt " ; ) is a city on the adige river in trentino - alto adige / südtirol in italy . 
parsifal :: parsifal ( wwv 111 ) is an opera in three acts by german composer richard wagner . 
utopia :: a utopia ( ) is an imagined community or society that possesses highly desirable or nearly perfect qualities for its citizens . 
wiradjuri :: the wiradjuri people ( ) ) are a group of indigenous australian aboriginal people that were united by a common language , strong ties of kinship and survived as skilled hunter – fisher – gatherers in family groups or clans scattered throughout central new south wales . 
cethlenn :: in irish mythology , cethlenn ( old irish ) , cethleann ( modern irish , or cethlenn of the crooked teeth ) was the wife of balor of the fomorians and , by him , the mother of ethniu . 
ahab :: ahab (; ; ; ) was the seventh king of israel since jeroboam i , the son and successor of omri , and the husband of jezebel of sidon , according to the hebrew scriptures . 
conciliation :: conciliation is an alternative dispute resolution ( adr ) process whereby the parties to a dispute use a conciliator , who meets with the parties both separately and together in an attempt to resolve their differences . 
bugzilla :: bugzilla is a web - based general - purpose bugtracker and testing tool originally developed and used by the mozilla project , and licensed under the mozilla public license . 
epicureanism :: epicureanism is a system of philosophy based upon the teachings of the ancient greek philosopher epicurus , founded around 307 bc . 
keno :: keno is a lottery - like gambling game often played at modern casinos , and also offered as a game in some lotteries . 
fayette :: fayette is the name of a number of places in the united states of america . 
ixtab :: at the time of the spanish conquest of yucatan ( 1527 - 1546 ) , ix tab , or ixtab ( [ iʃˈtaɓ ] , ' woman whose work involves the use of a rope ' ) , was the indigenous mayan goddess of suicide by hanging . 
packbits :: packbits is a fast , simple lossless compression scheme for run - length encoding of data . 
decapitation :: decapitation is the complete separation of the head from the body . 
salsa :: salsa usually refers to : 
internet :: the internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the internet protocol suite ( tcp / ip ) to link devices worldwide . 
ia-64 :: ia-64 ( also called intel itanium architecture ) is the instruction set architecture ( isa ) of the itanium family of 64-bit intel microprocessors . 
marburg :: marburg is a university town in the german federal state ( " bundesland " ) of hesse , capital of the marburg - biedenkopf district ( " landkreis " ) . 
fluid :: in physics , a fluid is a substance that continually deforms ( flows ) under an applied shear stress . 
libanius :: libanius ( , " libanios " ; c. 314 – 392 or 393 ) was a greek teacher of rhetoric of the sophist school . 
abel-meholah :: abel - meholah ( , " avel mehola " ) was a city mentioned repeatedly in the hebrew bible / old testament and best known for being the birthplace and residence of the prophet elisha . 
xanthine :: xanthine ( or ; archaically xanthic acid ) ( 3,7-dihydropurine-2,6-dione ) , is a purine base found in most human body tissues and fluids and in other organisms . 
hobby :: a hobby is a regular activity that is done for enjoyment , typically during one 's leisure time . 
turku :: turku (; ) is a city on the southwest coast of finland at the mouth of the aura river , in the region of southwest finland . 
riverworld :: riverworld is a fictional planet and the setting for a series of science fiction books written by philip josé farmer . 
airline :: à an airline is a company that provides air transport services for traveling passengers and freight . 
ahinadab :: ahinadab ( hebrew : אחינדב " ahinadav " , " my brother is noble " or " my brother has devoted himself " ) , son of iddo , is one of the twelve commissariat officers appointed by solomon to districts of his kingdom to raise supplies by monthly rotation for his household . 
shark :: sharks are a group of elasmobranch fish characterized by a cartilaginous skeleton , five to seven gill slits on the sides of the head , and pectoral fins that are not fused to the head . 
omsk :: omsk ( ) is a city and the administrative center of omsk oblast , russia , located in southwestern siberia from moscow . 
flirting :: flirting or coquetry is a social and sometimes sexual behavior involving verbal or written communication , as well as body language , by one person to another , either to suggest interest in a deeper relationship with the other person , or if done playfully , for amusement . 
canberra :: canberra ( , ) is the capital city of australia . 
orthoclase :: orthoclase , or orthoclase feldspar ( endmember formula kalsio ) , is an important tectosilicate mineral which forms igneous rock . 
coast :: a coastline or a seashore is the area where land meets the sea or ocean , or a line that forms the boundary between the land and the ocean or a lake . 
r-type :: r - type is a side scrolling shoot - em - up arcade game produced by irem in 1987 . 
amygdaloideae :: amygdaloideae is a subfamily within the flowering plant family rosaceae . 
toxicology :: toxicology is a discipline , overlapping with biology , chemistry , pharmacology , medicine , and nursing , that involves the study of the adverse effects of chemical substances on living organisms and the practice of diagnosing and treating exposures to toxins and toxicants . 
monoplane :: a monoplane is a fixed - wing aircraft with a single main wing plane , in contrast to a biplane or other multiplane , each of which has multiple planes . 
cream :: cream is a dairy product composed of the higher - butterfat layer skimmed from the top of milk before homogenization . 
meteorite :: a meteorite is a solid piece of debris from an object , such as a comet , asteroid , or meteoroid , that originates in outer space and survives its passage through the earth 's atmosphere and impact with the earth 's surface or that of another planet . 
jonah :: jonah or jonas is the name given in the hebrew bible ( tanakh / old testament ) to a prophet of the northern kingdom of israel in about the 8th century bce . 
lever :: a lever ( or ) is a machine consisting of a beam or rigid rod pivoted at a fixed hinge , or fulcrum . 
element :: element often refers to a chemical element , a pure substance of one type of atom . 
einsteinium :: einsteinium is a synthetic element with symbol es and atomic number 99 . 
toluene :: toluene , also known as toluol , is a colorless , water - insoluble liquid with the smell associated with paint thinners . 
soprano :: a soprano is a type of classical female singing voice and has the highest vocal range of all voice types . 
drought :: a drought is a period of below - average precipitation in a given region , resulting in prolonged shortages in the water supply , whether atmospheric , surface water or ground water . 
vetulicolia :: vetulicolia is the name of a taxon ( either phylum or subphylum in rank ) , encompassing several extinct cambrian organisms . 
fumarole :: a fumarole ( or " fumerole " - the word ultimately comes from the latin " fumus " , " smoke " ) is an opening in a planet 's crust , often in areas surrounding volcanoes , which emits steam and gases such as carbon dioxide , sulfur dioxide , hydrogen chloride , and hydrogen sulfide . 
tyche :: tyche (; from , meaning " luck " ; roman equivalent : fortuna ) was the presiding tutelary deity that governed the fortune and prosperity of a city , its destiny . 
nienna :: nienna is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
aten :: aten ( also aton , egyptian " jtn " ) is the disk of the sun in ancient egyptian mythology , and originally an aspect of the god ra . 
nyarlathotep :: nyarlathotep is a character in the works of h. p. lovecraft and other writers . 
lecythidales :: lecythidales is a botanical name at the rank of order . 
pannonia :: pannonia was an ancient province of the roman empire bounded north and east by the danube , coterminous westward with noricum and upper italy , and southward with dalmatia and upper moesia . 
inbreeding :: inbreeding is the production of offspring from the mating or breeding of individuals or organisms that are closely related genetically . 
amphibole :: amphibole ( ) is the name of an important group of generally dark - colored , inosilicate minerals , forming prism or needlelike crystals , composed of double chain tetrahedra , linked at the vertices and generally containing ions of iron and/or magnesium in their structures . 
dorado :: dorado ( english pronunciation : ) is a constellation in the southern sky . 
isis :: isis (; ; egyptian : " 3s.t " or " js.t ; " coptic : " ēse " ) is a goddess from the polytheistic pantheon of egypt . 
microevolution :: microevolution is the change in allele frequencies that occurs over time within a population . 
biorhythm :: a biorhythm ( from greek βίος - " bios " , " life " and ῥυθμός - " rhuthmos " , " any regular recurring motion , rhythm " ) is an attempt to predict various aspects of a person 's life through simple mathematical cycles . 
deiphobus :: in greek mythology , deiphobus ( δηίφοβος " deiphobos " ) was a son of priam and hecuba . 
kathmandu :: kathmandu (; , " yei " , nepali pronunciation : ) is the capital city of the federal democratic republic of nepal , the largest himalayan state in asia . 
arcas :: in greek mythology , arcas (; ἀρκάς ) was a hunter who became king of arcadia . 
ezekiel :: ezekiel (; , " y'ḥez'qel " , ) is the central protagonist of the book of ezekiel in the hebrew bible . 
bodybuilding :: bodybuilding is the use of progressive resistance exercise to control and develop one 's musculature . 
endorphins :: endorphins ( contracted from " endogenous morphine " ) are endogenous opioid neuropeptides and peptide hormones in humans and other animals . 
amphissus :: in greek mythology , amphissus was the product of apollo 's rape of dryope . 
hlidskjalf :: in norse mythology , hliðskjálf is the high seat of the god odin allowing him to see into all realms . 
divx :: divx is a brand of video codec products developed by divx , llc . 
tibertus :: in roman mythology , tibertus is the god of the river anio , a tributary of the tiber . 
snowboarding :: snowboarding is a recreational activity and olympic and paralympic sport that involves descending a snow - covered slope while standing on a snowboard attached to a rider 's feet . 
audio :: audio most commonly refers to sound . 
patchwork :: patchwork or " pieced work " is a form of needlework that involves sewing together pieces of fabric into a larger design . 
tangram :: the tangram ( ) is a dissection puzzle consisting of seven flat shapes , called " tans " , which are put together to form shapes . 
lute :: a lute ( , or ) is any plucked string instrument with a neck ( either fretted or unfretted ) and a deep round back enclosing a hollow cavity , usually with a sound hole or opening in the body . 
estuary :: an estuary is a partially enclosed coastal body of brackish water with one or more rivers or streams flowing into it , and with a free connection to the open sea . 
sors :: in roman mythology , sors , a lesser deity , was a god of luck . 
admetus :: in greek mythology , admetus (; ancient greek : " admetos " , " untamed " , " untameable " ) was a king of pherae in thessaly . 
stow-on-the-wold :: stow - on - the - wold is a small market town and civil parish in gloucestershire , england . 
psychology :: psychology is the science of behavior and mind , embracing all aspects of conscious and unconscious experience as well as thought . 
kahlúa :: kahlúa is a coffee - flavored liqueur from mexico . 
acarnan :: in greek mythology , acarnan ( ancient greek : ἀκαρνάν ; " genitive " ἀκαρνᾶνος derived from ἀκαρνάν " akarnan " " laurel " ) was the name of these two characters : 
ordovician :: the ordovician ( ) is a geologic period and system , the second of six periods of the paleozoic era . 
baku :: baku ( , ; , ) is the capital and largest city of azerbaijan , as well as the largest city on the caspian sea and of the caucasus region . 
koala :: the koala ( " phascolarctos cinereus " , or , inaccurately , koala bear ) is an arboreal herbivorous marsupial native to australia . 
harthacnut :: harthacnut (; " tough - knot " ; c.1018 – 8 june 1042 ) , sometimes referred to as canute iii , was king of denmark from 1035 to 1042 and king of england from 1040 to 1042 . 
aedui :: the aedui , haedui , or hedui ( ) were a gallic people of gallia lugdunensis , who inhabited the country between the arar ( saône ) and liger ( loire ) , in today 's france . 
bielsko-biała :: bielsko - biała (; ) is a city in southern poland with the population of approximately 174,000 ( december 2013 ) . 
fealty :: an oath of fealty , from the latin fidelitas ( faithfulness ) , is a pledge of allegiance of one person to another . 
themis :: themis ( greek : θέμις ) is an ancient greek titaness . 
lizard :: lizards are a widespread group of squamate reptiles , with over 6,000 species , ranging across all continents except antarctica , as well as most oceanic island chains . 
imereti :: imereti ( georgian : იმერეთი ) is a region in georgia situated along the middle and upper reaches of the rioni river . 
fasttrack :: – fasttrack is a peer - to - peer ( p2p ) protocol that was used by the kazaa , grokster , imesh , and morpheus file sharing programs . 
dyslexia :: dyslexia , also known as reading disorder , is characterized by trouble with reading despite normal intelligence . 
antidiarrhoeal :: an anti - diarrhoeal drug ( or anti - diarrheal drug in american english ) is any medication which provides symptomatic relief for diarrhoea . 
exosphere :: the exosphere ( " outside , external , beyond " , " sphere " ) is a thin , atmosphere - like volume surrounding a planet or natural satellite where molecules are gravitationally bound to that body , but where the density is too low for them to behave as a gas by colliding with each other . 
analcime :: analcime or analcite ( from the greek " analkimos " - " weak " ) is a white , gray , or colorless tectosilicate mineral . 
vicksburg :: vicksburg is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
vacuna :: vacuna was an ancient sabine goddess , identified by ancient roman sources and later scholars with numerous other goddesses , including ceres , diana , nike , minerva , bellona , venus and victoria . 
zareth-shahar :: zareth - shahar , zereth - shahar , or zereth shahar is a place in the hebrew bible mentioned only once , in joshua 13:19 . 
kerukes :: in athens , the kerukes were an ancient family of traditional priests said to be descended from hermes through ceryx . 
apus :: apus is a small constellation in the southern sky . 
waikiki :: waikīkī (; hawaiian : ) ( also known as waikiki beach ) is a beachfront neighborhood of honolulu , on the south shore of the island of oahu , in hawaii , united states . 
poitiers :: poitiers ( ) is a city on the clain river in west - central france . 
quotation :: a quotation is the repetition of one expression as part of another one , particularly when the quoted expression is well - known or explicitly attributed by citation to its original source , and it is indicated by ( punctuated with ) quotation marks . 
bannock :: bannock may mean : 
pensées :: the pensées ( " thoughts " ) is a collection of fragments on theology and philosophy written by 17th - century philosopher and mathematician blaise pascal . 
telesterion :: a great hall in eleusis , telesterion ( " initiation hall " from gr . 
soil :: soil is a mixture of organic matter , minerals , gases , liquids , and organisms that together support life . 
amphiuma :: amphiuma is a genus of aquatic salamanders from the united states , the only extant genus within the family amphiumidae . 
adoptionism :: adoptionism , sometimes called dynamic monarchianism , is a nontrinitarian theological doctrine which holds that jesus was adopted as the son of god at his baptism , his resurrection , or his ascension . 
skinhead :: a skinhead is a member of a subculture originating among working class youths in london , england in the 1960s that soon spread to other parts of the united kingdom , with a second working class skinhead movement spreading worldwide in the 1980s . 
guangdong :: guangdong ( ) is a province in south china , located on the south china sea coast . 
wade–giles :: wade – giles ( ) , sometimes abbreviated wade , is a romanization system for mandarin chinese . 
baghdad :: baghdad ( , ) is the capital of iraq . 
zaanaim :: zaanaim , zaanannim or bezaanaim is a place name applied to one or two locations in the hebrew bible . 
napaeae :: in greek mythology , the napaeae ( ancient greek : ναπαῖαι , from νάπη ; english translation : " a wooded dell " ) were a type of nymph that lived in wooded valleys , glens or grottoes . 
dorset :: dorset ( or archaically , dorsetshire ) is a county in south west england on the english channel coast . 
brining :: in food processing , brining is treating of food with brine , a mixture of water and salt used to preserve or season the food . 
plutocracy :: plutocracy ( , ' , ' wealth ' + , ' , ' rule ' ) or plutarchy , is a form of oligarchy and defines a society ruled or controlled by the small minority of the wealthiest citizens . 
theobromine :: theobromine , formerly known as xantheose , is a bitter alkaloid of the cacao plant , with the chemical formula chno . 
burbank :: burbank is both a common placename in english - speaking countries and a common surname ( last name ) . 
chernobyl :: chernobyl or chornobyl (; ; ; ) is a city in the restricted chernobyl exclusion zone situated in the ivankiv raion of northern kiev oblast , near ukraine 's border with belarus . 
navy :: a navy or maritime force is a fleet of waterborne military vessels ( watercraft ) and its associated naval aviation , both sea - based and land - based . 
bachelor :: a bachelor is a man who is socially regarded as able to marry , but has not yet . 
dbm :: dbm ( sometimes db or decibel - milliwatts ) is an abbreviation for the power ratio in decibels ( db ) of the measured power referenced to one milliwatt ( mw ) . 
touraine :: touraine ( ) is one of the traditional provinces of france . 
microsoft :: microsoft corporation ( , abbreviated as ms ) is an american multinational technology company with headquarters in redmond , washington . 
darkover :: darkover is the focus planet of the darkover series of science fiction - fantasy novels and short stories by marion zimmer bradley and others published since 1958 . 
switzerland :: switzerland ( ) , officially the swiss confederation , is a federal republic in europe . 
grudziądz :: grudziądz ( , or " " or " grudentia " ) is a city of around 96,042 inhabitants ( 2010 ) on the vistula river in northern poland . 
boromir :: boromir is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
geodesy :: geodesy ( ) , — also known as geodetics , geodetic engineering or geodetics engineering — a branch of applied mathematics and earth sciences , is the scientific discipline that deals with the measurement and representation of the earth ( or any planet ) , including its gravitational field , in a three - dimensional time - varying space 
praia :: praia ( , lit . " beach " , in both portuguese and cape verdean creole ) , is the capital and largest city of cape verde , an island nation in the atlantic ocean west of senegal . 
vertex :: vertex ( latin : peak ; plural vertices or vertexes ) means the " top " , or the highest point of something . 
thiruvananthapuram :: thiruvananthapuram ( ) , also known as trivandrum , is the capital and the largest city of the indian state of kerala . 
abiword :: abiword ( ) is a free and open - source software word processor written in c++ . 
orrorin :: orrorin tugenensis is a postulated early species of homininae , estimated at and discovered in 2000 . 
silicone :: silicones , also known as polysiloxanes , are polymers that include any inert , synthetic compound made up of repeating units of siloxane , which is a chain of alternating silicon atoms and oxygen atoms , frequently combined with carbon and/or hydrogen . 
étaín :: étaín or édaín ( modern irish spelling : éadaoin ) is a figure of irish mythology , best known as the heroine of " tochmarc étaíne " ( " the wooing of étaín " ) , one of the oldest and richest stories of the mythological cycle . 
ferroelectricity :: ferroelectricity is a charactristic of certain materials that have a spontaneous electric polarization that can be reversed by the application of an external electric field . 
peer-to-peer :: peer - to - peer ( p2p ) computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or workloads between peers . 
pali :: pali ( " " ) is a prakrit language native to the indian subcontinent . 
ink :: ink is a liquid or paste that contains pigments or dyes and is used to color a surface to produce an image , text , or design . 
fullerene :: a fullerene is a molecule of carbon in the form of a hollow sphere , ellipsoid , tube , and many other shapes . 
abraham :: abraham ( , arabic : إبراهيم " ibrahim " ) , originally avram or abram , is the common patriarch of the three abrahamic religions . 
leishmania :: leishmania is a genus of trypanosomes that are responsible for the disease leishmaniasis . 
reich :: reich (; ) is a german word literally meaning " realm " . 
navigation :: navigation is a field of study that focuses on the process of monitoring and controlling the movement of a craft or vehicle from one place to another . 
quikscript :: quikscript ( also known as the read alphabet and second shaw ) is an alphabet ( and phonemic orthography ) specifically designed for the english language . 
pelopidas :: pelopidas (; ; died 364 bc ) was an important theban statesman and general in greece . 
nationalism :: nationalism is a political , social , and economic system characterized by promoting the interests of a particular nation , particularly with the aim of gaining and maintaining self - governance , or full sovereignty , over the group 's homeland . 
ichthyology :: ichthyology ( from greek : ἰχθύς , " ikhthus " , " fish " ; and λόγος , " logos " , " study " ) , also known as fish science , is the branch of zoology devoted to the study of fish . 
c-3po :: c-3po ( ) or see - threepio is a humanoid robot character from the " star wars " franchise who appears in the original trilogy , the prequel trilogy and the sequel trilogy . 
kristiansund :: kristiansund ( historically " christianssund " and earlier " fosna " ) is a city and municipality on the western coast of norway in the nordmøre district of møre og romsdal county . 
aeëtes :: aeëtes (; also spelled " æëtes " , " aiētēs " ) was a king of colchis in greek mythology . 
itu-r :: the itu radiocommunication sector ( itu - r ) is one of the three sectors ( divisions or units ) of the international telecommunication union ( itu ) and is responsible for radio communication . 
holland :: holland is a region and former province on the western coast of the netherlands . 
doonesbury :: doonesbury is a comic strip by american cartoonist garry trudeau that chronicles the adventures and lives of an array of characters of various ages , professions , and backgrounds , from the president of the united states to the title character , michael doonesbury , who has progressed from a college student to a youthful senior citizen over the decades . 
heliox :: heliox is a breathing gas composed of a mixture of helium ( he ) and oxygen ( o ) . 
agoraphobia :: agoraphobia is an anxiety disorder characterized by symptoms of anxiety in situations where the person perceives the environment to be unsafe with no easy way to get away . 
funk :: funk is a music genre that originated in the mid-1960s when african american musicians created a rhythmic , danceable new form of music through a mixture of soul music , jazz , and rhythm and blues ( r&b ) . 
pionium :: pionium is an exotic atom consisting of one and one meson . 
invention :: an invention is a unique or novel device , method , composition or process . 
elision :: in linguistics , an elision or deletion is the omission of one or more sounds ( such as a vowel , a consonant , or a whole syllable ) in a word or phrase . 
opium :: opium ( poppy tears , with the scientific name : " lachryma papaveris " ) is the dried latex obtained from the opium poppy ( scientific name : " papaver somniferum " ) . 
celestines :: the celestines were a roman catholic monastic order , a branch of the benedictines , founded in 1244 . 
robor :: in gallo - roman religion , robor or roboris was a god invoked alongside the " genius loci " on a single inscription found in angoulême . 
merlot :: merlot is a dark blue - colored wine grape variety , that is used as both a blending grape and for varietal wines . 
phonon :: in physics , a phonon is a collective excitation in a periodic , elastic arrangement of atoms or molecules in condensed matter , like solids and some liquids . 
serif :: in typography , a serif ( ) is a small line attached to the end of a stroke in a letter or symbol . 
neoteny :: neoteny ( or , ( also called juvenilization ) is the delaying or slowing of the physiological ( or somatic ) development of an organism , typically an animal . 
actinidiaceae :: the actinidiaceae are a small family of flowering plants commonly known as the chinese gooseberry family . 
globalization :: globalization ( or globalisation ; see spelling differences ) is the increasing interaction of people through the growth of the international flow of money , ideas and culture . 
słupsk :: słupsk (; also known by several alternative names ) is a city in the pomeranian voivodeship , in northern poland , with a population of 98,757 . 
syringa :: syringa ( lilac ) is a genus of 12 currently recognized species of flowering woody plants in the olive family ( oleaceae ) , native to woodland and scrub from southeastern europe to eastern asia , and widely and commonly cultivated in temperate areas elsewhere . 
ampersand :: the ampersand is the logogram & , representing the conjunction " and " . 
yamoussoukro :: yamoussoukro (; ) is the political capital and administrative capital of ivory coast and an autonomous district of the country . 
reason :: reason is the capacity for consciously making sense of things , establishing and verifying facts , applying logic , and changing or justifying practices , institutions , and beliefs based on new or existing information . 
lagomorpha :: the lagomorphs are the members of the taxonomic order lagomorpha , of which there are two living families : the leporidae ( hares and rabbits ) and the ochotonidae ( pikas ) . 
bone :: a bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton . 
koror :: koror is the state comprising the main commercial centre of the republic of palau . 
oman :: oman ( ; ' ) , officially the sultanate of oman ( ) , is an arab absolute monarchy country on the southeastern coast of the arabian peninsula . 
peta- :: peta is a decimal unit prefix in the metric system denoting multiplication by 10 ( ) . 
festschrift :: in academia , a festschrift (; plural , " festschriften " ) is a book honoring a respected person , especially an academic , and presented during their lifetime . 
gor :: gor is the counter - earth setting for an extended series of sword and planet novels by author and philosophy professor john norman . 
homeomorphism :: in the mathematical field of topology , a homeomorphism or topological isomorphism or bi continuous function is a continuous function between topological spaces that has a continuous inverse function . 
treeshrew :: the treeshrews ( or tree shrews or banxrings ) are small euarchont mammals native to the tropical forests of southeast asia . 
arkansas :: arkansas ( ) is a state in the southeastern region of the united states , home to over 3 million people as of 2017 . 
castling :: castling is a move in the game of chess involving a player 's king and either of the player 's original rooks . 
mutagen :: in genetics , a mutagen is a physical or chemical agent that changes the genetic material , usually dna , of an organism and thus increases the frequency of mutations above the natural background level . 
nun :: a nun is a member of a religious community of women , typically one living under vows of poverty , chastity , and obedience . 
atbash :: atbash (; also transliterated atbaš ) is a monoalphabetic substitution cipher originally used to encode the hebrew alphabet . 
sceva :: sceva ( ) was a jew called a " chief priest " in , although whether he was a chief priest is disputed by some writers . 
meson :: in particle physics , mesons ( or ) are hadronic subatomic particles composed of one quark and one antiquark , bound together by the strong interaction . 
pendulum :: a pendulum is a weight suspended from a pivot so that it can swing freely . 
gulf :: a gulf is a large bay that is an arm of an ocean or sea . 
desertification :: desertification is a type of land degradation in which a relatively dry area of land becomes increasingly arid , typically losing its bodies of water as well as vegetation and wildlife . 
crippleware :: crippleware has been defined in realms of both software and hardware . 
enchilada :: an enchilada ( , ) is a corn tortilla rolled around a filling and covered with a chili pepper sauce . 
cytomegalovirus :: cytomegalovirus ( cmv ) ( from the greek " cyto- " , " cell " , and " megalo- " , " large " ) is a genus of viruses in the order herpesvirales , in the family ( 150 - 200 nm in diameter [ hiv virus 120 nm ] ) herpesviridae , in the subfamily betaherpesvirinae . 
autocorrelation :: autocorrelation , also known as serial correlation , is the correlation of a signal with a delayed copy of itself as a function of delay . 
tennis :: tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent ( singles ) or between two teams of two players each ( doubles ) . 
arapaho :: the arapaho (; in french : " arapahos , gens de vache " ) are a tribe of native americans historically living on the plains of colorado and wyoming . 
gazpacho :: gazpacho (; ) or andalusian gazpacho is a soup made of raw blended vegetables and served cold , originating in the southern spanish region of andalusia . 
premier :: premier is a title for the head of government in some countries , states and sub - national governments . 
kleptocracy :: kleptocracy ( from ancient greek κλέπτης ( kléptēs , “ thief ” ) , κλέπτω ( kléptō , “ 
maugham :: maugham is a surname most commonly associated with the english literary family . 
tat-10 :: tat-10 was at&t corporation 's 10th transatlantic telephone cable , in operation from 1992 to 2003 , initially carrying 2 x 565 mbit / s between united states and norden in germany . 
mausolus :: mausolus ( ) was a ruler of caria ( 377–353 bc ) , nominally the persian satrap , who enjoyed the status of king or dynast by virtue of the powerful position created by his father hecatomnus who had succeeded the assassinated persian satrap tissaphernes in the carian satrapy and founded the hereditary dynasty of the hecatomnids . 
anti-realism :: in analytic philosophy , anti - realism is an epistemological position first articulated by british philosopher michael dummett . 
diaspora :: a diaspora ( from greek διασπορά , " scattering , dispersion " ) is a scattered population whose origin lies within a smaller geographic locale . 
turboprop :: a turboprop engine is a turbine engine that drives an aircraft propeller . 
aphasia :: aphasia is an inability to comprehend and formulate language because of damage to specific brain regions . 
vagina :: in mammals , the vagina is a muscular and tubular part of the female genital tract , which , in humans , extends from the vulva to the cervix . 
e.164 :: e.164 is an itu - t recommendation , titled " the international public telecommunication numbering plan " , that defines a numbering plan for the worldwide public switched telephone network ( pstn ) and some other data networks . 
multihull :: a multihull is a ship , vessel , craft or boat with more than one hull . multihull ships ( vessels , craft , boats ) include multiple types , sizes and applications . 
scriptbasic :: scriptbasic is a scripting language variant of basic . 
yakutsk :: yakutsk (; , " d'okuuskay " , ) is the capital city of the sakha republic , russia , located about south of the arctic circle . 
δt :: in precise timekeeping , δ"t ( delta " t , delta-"t , delta"t , or d"t " ) is the time difference obtained by subtracting universal time ( ut ) from terrestrial time ( tt ) : . 
mooney :: mooney is a family name , which is probably predominantly derived from the irish ó maonaigh . 
conservatorship :: conservatorship is a legal concept in the united states of america . 
hairstyle :: a hairstyle , hairdo , or haircut refers to the styling of hair , usually on the human scalp . 
cyclades :: the cyclades (; ) are an island group in the aegean sea , southeast of mainland greece and a former administrative prefecture of greece . 
uniformitarianism :: uniformitarianism , also known as the doctrine of uniformity , is the assumption that the same natural laws and processes that operate in the universe now have always operated in the universe in the past and apply everywhere . 
mega- :: mega is a unit prefix in metric systems of units denoting a factor of one million ( 10 or ) . 
transmitter :: in electronics and telecommunications a transmitter or radio transmitter is an electronic device which produces radio waves with an antenna . 
bayreuth :: bayreuth (; ) is a medium - sized town in northern bavaria , germany , on the red main river in a valley between the franconian jura and the fichtelgebirge mountains . 
eurysaces :: eurysaces in greek mythology was the son of the ajax and the former - princess captive - slave girl tecmessa . 
shintaido :: shintaido ( 新体道 , a japanese word translated as ‘ new body way’ ) is a system of movement which aims to use the body as a means of expression and communication . incorporating both physical and artistic elements , 
freiwirtschaft :: gesell is nowadays viewed a libertarian socialist . 
camma :: camma was a galatian princess and priestess of artemis whom plutarch writes about in both " on the bravery of women " and the " eroticus " or " amatorius " . 
battleship :: a battleship is a large armored warship with a main battery consisting of large caliber guns . 
metre :: the metre ( british spelling ) or meter ( american spelling ) ( from the greek noun μέτρον , " measure " ) is the base unit of length in the international system of units ( si ) . 
miletus :: miletus (; ; hittite transcription " millawanda " or " milawata " ( exonyms ) ; ; ) was an ancient greek city on the western coast of anatolia , near the mouth of the maeander river in ancient caria . 
hentai :: in japanese , the term describes any type of perverse or bizarre sexual desire or act ; it does not represent a genre of work . 
thessalus :: in greek mythology , the name thessalus is attributed to three individuals , all of whom were considered possible eponyms of thessaly . 
macrinus :: macrinus (; – june 218 ) was roman emperor from april 217 to 8 june 218 . 
cetacea :: cetacea ( ) are a widely distributed and diverse clade of aquatic mammals that today consists of the whales , dolphins , and porpoises . 
reductionism :: reductionism refers to several related philosophical ideas regarding the associations between phenomena which can be described in terms of other phenomena , the latter of which are considered in some manner simpler or more fundamental . 
sony :: sony corporation is the electronics business unit and the parent company of the , which is engaged in business through its four operating components : electronics ( av , it & communication products , semiconductors , video games , network services and medical business ) , motion pictures ( movies and tv shows ) , music ( record labels and music publishing ) and financial services ( banking and insurance ) . 
hamburger :: a hamburger , beefburger or burger is a sandwich consisting of one or more cooked patties of ground meat , usually beef , placed inside a sliced bread roll or bun . 
maribor :: maribor ( , german : " marburg an der drau " ) is the second - largest city in slovenia with about 95,500 inhabitants in 2016 . 
hypnosis :: hypnosis is a state of human consciousness involving focused attention and reduced peripheral awareness and an enhanced capacity to respond to suggestion . 
uruk :: uruk ( cuneiform : ; sumerian : " unug " ; akkadian : " uruk " ; , ' ; aramaic / hebrew : ' ; , " ") was an ancient city of sumer and later babylonia , situated east of the present bed of the euphrates river , on the dried - up , ancient channel of the euphrates river , some 30 km east of modern samawah , al - muthannā , iraq . 
libretto :: a libretto is the text used in , or intended for , an extended musical work such as an opera , operetta , masque , oratorio , cantata or musical . 
ötzi :: ötzi (; also called the iceman , the similaun man , the man from hauslabjoch , the tyrolean iceman , and the hauslabjoch mummy ) is a nickname given to the well - preserved natural mummy of a man who lived around 3,300 bce , more precisely between 3359 and 3105 bce , with a 66 percent chance that he died between 3239 and 3105 bce . 
philonoe :: in greek mythology , there were two women known as philonoe ( ) or phylonoe ( ): 
rodan :: the japanese name " radon " is a contraction of " pteranodon " . 
deflation :: in economics , deflation is a decrease in the general price level of goods and services . 
af2 :: af2 ( often styled as af2 , and short for arenafootball2 ) was the name of the arena football league 's developmental league ; it was founded in 1999 and played its first season in 2000 . 
molise :: molise ( ) is a region of southern italy . 
aplu :: aplu may mean : 
bioterrorism :: bioterrorism is terrorism involving the intentional release or dissemination of biological agents . 
thuggee :: thuggee or tuggee (; ; ; ; ; ) refers to the acts of thugs , an organised gang of professional robbers and murderers . 
hyllus :: in greek mythology , hyllus (; also hyllas ( ὕλᾱς ) was son of heracles and deianira , husband of iole , nursed by abia . 
shellfish :: shellfish is a culinary and fisheries term for exoskeleton - bearing aquatic invertebrates used as food , including various species of molluscs , crustaceans , and echinoderms . 
caer :: caer (; or ' ) is a placename element in welsh meaning " stronghold " , " fortress " , or " citadel " , roughly equivalent to the old english suffix now variously written as and . 
iphianassa :: in greek mythology , iphianassa (; " īphianassa " " strong queen " ) is a name that refers to several characters . 
thalna :: in etruscan religion and myth , thalna was a divine figure usually regarded as a goddess of childbirth . 
non-repudiation :: non - repudiation refers to a state of affairs where the author of a statement will not be able to successfully challenge the authorship of the statement or validity of an associated contract . 
oersted :: the oersted ( symbol oe ) is the unit of the auxiliary magnetic field h in the centimetre– 
softball :: < nowiki > < 
allah :: allah (; , ) is the arabic word for god in abrahamic religions . 
basidiomycota :: basidiomycota ( ) is one of two large divisions that , together with the ascomycota , constitute the subkingdom dikarya ( often referred to as the " higher fungi " ) within the kingdom fungi . 
anguilla :: anguilla ( ) is a british overseas territory in the caribbean . 
ymir :: in norse mythology , ymir , aurgelmir , brimir , or bláinn is the ancestor of all jötnar . 
digimon :: digimon ( " dejimon " , branded as digimon : digital monsters , stylized as digimon ) , short for " digital monsters " ( " dejitaru monsutā " ) , is a japanese media franchise encompassing virtual pet toys , anime , manga , video games , films and a trading card game . 
abnoba :: abnoba is a name with theological and geographical meanings : it is the name of a gaulish goddess who was worshiped in the black forest and surrounding areas . 
courtesan :: a courtesan was originally a courtier , which means a person who attends the court of a monarch or other powerful person . 
fedex :: fedex corporation is an american multinational courier delivery services company headquartered in memphis , tennessee . 
latins :: latins referred originally to an italic tribe in ancient central italy from latium . 
andriscus :: andriscus ( , " andrískos " ) , also often referenced as pseudo - philip , was the last king of macedon ( 149–148 bc ) . 
linden :: linden is one of three english names for the tree genus " tilia " ( also known as " lime " and " basswood " ) . 
frisians :: the frisians are a germanic ethnic group indigenous to the coastal parts of the netherlands and northwestern germany . 
proverb :: a proverb ( from ) is a simple and concrete saying , popularly known and repeated , that expresses a truth based on common sense or experience . 
compuserve :: compuserve ( compuserve information service , also known by its initialism cis ) was the first major commercial online service provider in the united states . 
ratatoskr :: in norse mythology , ratatoskr ( old norse , generally considered to mean " drill - tooth " or " bore - tooth " ) is a squirrel who runs up and down the world tree yggdrasil to carry messages between the eagle and the hawk veðrfölnir , perched atop yggdrasil , and the dragon níðhöggr , who dwells beneath one of the three roots of the tree . 
corfu :: corfu or kerkyra (; , " kérkyra " ; ; ; ) is a greek island in the ionian sea . 
mesoderm :: in all bilaterian animals , the mesoderm is one of the three primary " germ layers " in the very early " embryo " . 
nine-ball :: nine - ball ( sometimes written 9-ball ) is a contemporary form of pool ( pocket billiards ) , with historical beginnings rooted in the united states and traceable to the 1920s . 
baron :: baron is a title of honour , often hereditary . 
liguria :: liguria ( , ) is a coastal region of north - western italy ; its capital is genoa . 
hedeby :: hedeby ( , old norse " heiðabýr " , german " haithabu " ) was an important viking age ( 8th to the 11th centuries ) trading settlement near the southern end of the jutland peninsula , now in the schleswig - flensburg district of schleswig - holstein , germany . 
rimini :: rimini (; romagnol dialect : " rémin " ; latin : " ariminum " ) is a city of 146,606 inhabitants in the emilia - romagna region of northern italy and capital city of the province of rimini . 
sushi :: sushi can be prepared with either brown or white rice . 
agdistis :: agdistis ( ) was a deity of greek , roman and phrygia mythology , was the phrygian version of themis , nemesis(cybele ) , libra , or yin - yang ; the goddess of balance and nature and also sometimes of justice(karma ) . 
axminster :: axminster is a market town and civil parish on the eastern border of the county of devon in england , some from the county town of exeter . 
acarnania :: acarnania ( ) is a region of west - central greece that lies along the ionian sea , west of aetolia , with the achelous river for a boundary , and north of the gulf of calydon , which is the entrance to the gulf of corinth . 
declension :: in linguistics , declension is the inflection ( changing the form of a word ) of nouns , pronouns , adjectives , and articles to indicate number ( at least singular and plural ) , case ( nominative or subjective , genitive or possessive , etc . ) , and/or gender . 
township :: the word township is used to refer to various kinds of settlements in different countries . 
vega :: vega , also designated alpha lyrae ( α lyrae , abbreviated alpha lyr or α lyr ) , is the brightest star in the constellation of lyra , the fifth - brightest star in the night sky , and the second - brightest star in the northern celestial hemisphere , after arcturus . 
econometrics :: econometrics is the application of statistical methods to economic data and is described as the branch of economics that aims to give empirical content to economic relations . 
warg :: in norse mythology , a vargr ( pl . vargar ; often anglicised as warg or varg ) is a wolf and in particular refers to the wolf fenrir and his sons sköll and hati . 
oléron :: île d'oléron ( ) is an island off the atlantic coast of france ( due west of rochefort ) , on the southern side of the pertuis d'antioche strait . 
genocide :: genocide is intentional action to destroy a people ( usually defined as an ethnic , national , racial , or religious group ) in whole or in part . 
megatokyo :: set in a fictional version of tokyo , " megatokyo " portrays the adventures of piro , a young fan of anime and manga , and his friend largo , an american video game enthusiast . 
cathodoluminescence :: cathodoluminescence is an optical and electromagnetic phenomenon in which electrons impacting on a luminescent material such as a phosphor , cause the emission of photons which may have wavelengths in the visible spectrum . 
livia :: livia drusilla ( classical latin : , ) ( 30 january 58 bc – 28 september 29 ad ) , also known as julia augusta after her formal adoption into the julian family in ad 14 , was the wife of the roman emperor augustus throughout his reign , as well as his adviser . 
chindōgu :: literally translated , " chindōgu " means . 
ecology :: ecology ( from , " house " , or " environment " ; -λογία , " study of " ) is the scientific analysis and study of interactions among organisms and their environment . 
drinking :: drinking is the act of ingesting water or other liquids into the body through the mouth . 
thorium :: thorium is a chemical element with symbol th and atomic number 90 . 
chevrolet :: chevrolet ( ) , colloquially referred to as chevy and formally the chevrolet division of general motors company , is an american automobile division of the american manufacturer general motors ( gm ) . 
arion :: arion (; ) was a kitharode in ancient greece , a dionysiac poet credited with inventing the dithyramb : " as a literary composition for chorus dithyramb was the creation of arion of corinth , " the islanders of lesbos claimed him as their native son , but arion found a patron in periander , tyrant of corinth . 
endometriosis :: endometriosis is a condition in which the layer of tissue that normally covers the inside of the uterus grows outside of it . 
malachi :: malachi , malachias , malache or mal'achi (; ) was the writer of the book of malachi , the last book of the neviim ( prophets ) section in the hebrew bible . 
sharpsburg :: sharpsburg is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
aphrodisiac :: an aphrodisiac is a substance that increases libido when consumed . 
vermont :: vermont ( ) is a state in the new england region of the northeastern united states . 
sokoban :: sokoban was created in 1981 by hiroyuki imabayashi , and published in december of 1982 by thinking rabbit , a software house based in takarazuka , japan . 
seed :: a seed is an embryonic plant enclosed in a protective outer covering . 
torus :: in geometry , a torus ( plural tori ) is a surface of revolution generated by revolving a circle in three - dimensional space about an axis coplanar with the circle . 
rashi :: shlomo yitzchaki (; ; , 22 february 1040 – 13 july 1105 ) , today generally known by the acronym rashi ( , rabbi shlomo itzhaki ) , was a medieval french rabbi and author of a comprehensive commentary on the talmud and commentary on the " tanakh " . 
shravanabelagola :: shravanabelagola ( ) is a town located near channarayapatna of hassan district in the indian state of karnataka and is 144 km from bangalore , the capital of the state . 
bicycle :: a bicycle , also called a cycle or bike , is a human - powered , pedal - driven , single - track vehicle , having two wheels attached to a frame , one behind the other . 
precession :: precession is a change in the orientation of the rotational axis of a rotating body . 
belize :: belize ( ) , formerly british honduras , is an independent country on the eastern coast of central america . 
alpine :: the term alpine refers to the alps , a european mountain range , or to the alpine states associated with the mountain range . 
brunswick :: brunswick is the historical english name for the german city of braunschweig . 
gamete :: a gamete ( from ancient greek γαμετή " gamete " from gamein " to marry " ) is a haploid cell that fuses with another haploid cell during fertilization ( conception ) in organisms that sexually reproduce . 
louisiana :: louisiana ( french : " louisiane , " ] ) is a state in the southeastern region of the united states . 
eleutherios :: eleutherios ( , " the liberator " ) is an epithet of : it is also used as a first name in modern greek ( alternatively transliterated as eleftherios , in the short form lefteris ) : 
tesseract :: in geometry , the tesseract is the four - dimensional analog of the cube ; the tesseract is to the cube as the cube is to the square . 
hydrology :: hydrology is the scientific study of the movement , distribution , and quality of water on earth and other planets , including the water cycle , water resources and environmental watershed sustainability . 
carp :: carp are various species of oily freshwater fish from the family cyprinidae , a very large group of fish native to europe and asia . 
perlite :: perlite is an amorphous volcanic glass that has a relatively high water content , typically formed by the hydration of obsidian . 
pl/i :: pl / i ( programming language one , pronounced ) is a procedural , imperative computer programming language designed for scientific , engineering , business and system programming uses . 
potsdam :: potsdam ( ) is the capital and largest city of the german federal state of brandenburg . 
arnemetia :: arnemetia was a goddess in romano - british religion . 
trivium :: the trivium is the lower division of the seven liberal arts and comprises grammar , logic , and rhetoric ( input , process , and output ) . 
era :: an era is a span of time defined for the purposes of chronology or historiography , as in the regnal eras in the history of a given monarchy , a calendar era used for a given calendar , or the geological eras defined for the history of earth . 
penuel :: in the hebrew bible , penuel ( or " pniel " , " pnuel " ; hebrew : ) is a place not far from succoth , on the east of the jordan river and south of the river jabbok . 
laconia :: laconia ( ) , also known as lacedaemonia , is a region in the southeastern part of the peloponnese peninsula . 
cryptochannel :: in telecommunication , a cryptochannel is a complete system of crypto - communications between two or more holders . 
currency :: a currency ( from , " in circulation " , from ) in the most specific use of the word refers to money in any form when in actual use or circulation as a medium of exchange , especially circulating banknotes and coins . 
nibble :: in computing , a nibble ( often nybble or nyble to match the spelling of byte ) is a four - bit aggregation , or half an octet . 
theano :: theano (; ) was the priestess of athena in troy . 
suebi :: the suebi ( or suevi , suavi , or suevians ) were a large group of tribes who lived in germania in the time of the roman empire . 
teleology :: teleology or finality is a reason or explanation for something in function of its end , purpose or goal . 
hexagon :: in geometry , a hexagon ( from greek ἕξ " hex " , " six " and γωνία , " gonía " , " corner , angle " ) is a six sided polygon or 6-gon . 
typography :: typography is the art and technique of arranging type to make written language legible , readable , and appealing when displayed . 
yaoundé :: yaoundé ( , ; ; ) is the capital of cameroon and , with a population of approximately 2.5 million , the second largest city in the country after the port city douala . 
pastel :: a pastel ( ; ) is an art medium in the form of a stick , consisting of pure powdered pigment and a binder . 
pearl :: a pearl is a hard object produced within the soft tissue ( specifically the mantle ) of a living shelled mollusk or another animal , such as a conulariid . 
adverb :: an adverb is a word that modifies a verb , adjective , another adverb , determiner , noun phrase , clause , or sentence . 
thanatos :: in greek mythology , thanatos (; , pronounced in " death " , from θνῄσκω " thnēskō " " to die , be dying " ) was the personification of death . 
politburo :: a politburo or political bureau is the executive committee for communist parties . 
otrera :: in greek mythology , otrera ( greek : οτρηρη " otrērē " ) was a queen of the amazons ; the daughter of eurus ( the east wind ) , consort of ares and mother of hippolyta , antiope , melanippe , and penthesilea . 
hungary :: hungary (; ) is a unitary parliamentary republic in central europe . 
cliffhanger :: a cliffhanger , or cliffhanger ending , is a plot device in fiction which features a main character in a precarious or difficult dilemma , or confronted with a shocking revelation at the end of an episode of serialized fiction . 
alexius :: alexius is the latinized form of the given name alexios ( , polytonic , " defender " , cf . 
geostatistics :: geostatistics is a branch of statistics focusing on spatial or spatiotemporal datasets . 
microtubule :: microtubules ( " micro- " + " tube " + " -ule " ) are a component of the cytoskeleton , found throughout the cytoplasm . 
trade :: trade involves the transfer of goods or services from one person or entity to another , often in exchange for money . 
shanxi :: shanxi (; postal : shansi ) is a province of china , located in the north china region . 
actinopterygii :: actinopterygii , or the ray - finned fishes , constitute a class or subclass of the bony fishes . 
steampunk :: steampunk is a subgenre of science fiction or science fantasy that incorporates technology and aesthetic designs inspired by 19th - century industrial steam - powered machinery . 
albedo :: albedo ( ) is a measure for reflectance or optical brightness ( latin " albedo , " " whiteness " ) of a surface . 
pal :: phase alternating line ( pal ) is a colour encoding system for analogue television used in broadcast television systems in most countries broadcasting at 625-line / 50 field ( 25 frame ) per second ( 576i ) . 
thealogy :: thealogy ( a neologism derived from ancient greek meaning " goddess " and , " -logy " , meaning " study of " ) is generally understood as a discourse that reflects upon the meaning of goddess ( " thea " ) in contrast to god ( " theo " ) . 
openvms :: openvms is a computer operating system for use in general - purpose computing . 
independence :: independence is a condition of a nation , country , or state in which its residents and population , or some portion thereof , exercise self - government , and usually sovereignty , over the territory . 
disco :: disco is a musical style originating in the early 1970s that remained urban and largely underground until the middle of the decade when it began to emerge from america 's urban nightlife scene , where it had been curtailed to house parties and makeshift discotheques , and began making regular appearances mainstream , gaining popularity and increasing airplay on radio . 
korea :: korea is a historical country in east asia ; since 1945 it has been divided into two distinct sovereign states : north korea ( officially the " democratic people 's republic of korea " ) and south korea ( officially the " republic of korea " ) . 
bestla :: in norse mythology , bestla ( ) is the mother of the gods odin , vili and vé by way of borr , the sister of an unnamed being who assisted odin , and the daughter or , depending on source , granddaughter of the jötunn bölþorn . 
niobe :: in greek mythology , niobe (; ) was a daughter of tantalus and of either dione , the most frequently cited , or of eurythemista or euryanassa , and the sister of pelops and broteas . 
dermatology :: dermatology ( from ancient greek δέρμα , " derma " which means skin and λογία , " logia ) " is the branch of medicine dealing with the skin , nails , hair and its diseases . 
minidisc :: minidisc ( md ) is a magneto - optical disc - based data storage format offering a capacity of 74 minutes and , later , 80 minutes , of digitized audio or 1 gigabyte of hi - md data . 
trabant :: the trabant (; ) is an automobile produced from 1957 to 1990 by former east german car manufacturer veb sachsenring automobilwerke zwickau in zwickau , saxony . 
troubadour :: a troubadour ( , ; , ) was a composer and performer of old occitan lyric poetry during the high middle ages ( 1100–1350 ) . 
pixel :: in digital imaging , a pixel , pel , dots , or picture element is a physical point in a raster image , or the smallest addressable element in an all points addressable display device ; so it is the smallest controllable element of a picture represented on the screen . 
chauci :: the chauci ( , and identical or similar in other regional modern languages ) were an ancient germanic tribe living in the low - lying region between the rivers ems and elbe , on both sides of the weser and ranging as far inland as the upper weser . 
freeflying :: freeflying is a skydiving discipline which began in the late 1980s , involving freefalling in various vertical orientations , as opposed to the traditional " belly - to - earth " orientation . 
lewes :: lewes is the county town of the administrative county of east sussex , in england , and historically all of sussex . 
evapotranspiration :: evapotranspiration ( et ) is the sum of evaporation and plant transpiration from the earth 's land and ocean surface to the atmosphere . 
programmer :: a programmer , computer programmer , developer , dev , coder , or software engineer is a person who creates computer software . 
supermarine :: supermarine was a british aircraft manufacturer that produced , among the others , a range of seaplanes and the supermarine spitfire fighter . 
sousaphone :: the sousaphone ( ) , is a brass instrument in the same family as the more widely known tuba . 
novosibirsk :: novosibirsk ( ) is the third - most populous city in russia after moscow and st. petersburg . 
eurycleia :: in greek mythology , eurycleia ( " eurýkleia " ) , or euryclea (; also known as antiphata ( ἀντιφάτη " antipáte " ) in other traditions ) , is the daughter of ops and granddaughter of peisenor , as well as the wet - nurse of odysseus . 
azincourt :: azincourt (; historically , agincourt in english ) is a commune in the pas - de - calais department in northern france . 
ouagadougou :: ouagadougou (; ; mossi : ) is the capital of burkina faso and the administrative , communications , cultural and economic centre of the nation . 
nicotine :: nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic stimulant and an alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants . 
turandot :: turandot ( ; ; ) is an opera in three acts by giacomo puccini , completed by franco alfano , and set to a libretto in italian by giuseppe adami and renato simoni . 
mandolin :: a mandolin ( ; literally " small mandola " ) is a stringed musical instrument in the lute family and is usually plucked with a plectrum or " pick " . 
hexameter :: hexameter is a metrical line of verses consisting of six feet . 
artery :: an artery ( plural arteries ) ( ) is a blood vessel that takes blood from the heart to all parts of the body . 
gosford :: gosford is a suburb located on the central coast of new south wales , australia , about 76 km north of the sydney cbd . 
hussites :: the hussites ( or " kališníci " ; " chalice people " ) were a pre - protestant christian movement which began in the kingdom of bohemia and followed the teachings of czech reformer jan hus , who became the best known representative of the bohemian reformation . 
economics :: economics ( uk english : , ; us english : , ) is " a social science concerned chiefly with description and analysis of the production , distribution , and consumption of goods and services " . 
progesterone :: progesterone ( p4 ) is an endogenous steroid and progestogen sex hormone involved in the menstrual cycle , pregnancy , and embryogenesis of humans and other species . 
reflectance :: reflectance of the surface of a material is its effectiveness in reflecting radiant energy . 
angoulême :: angoulême (; or " ") is a commune , the capital of the charente department , in the nouvelle - aquitaine region of southwestern france . 
surveying :: surveying or land surveying is the technique , profession , and science of determining the terrestrial or three - dimensional positions of points and the distances and angles between them . 
licymnius :: in greek mythology , licymnius (; ) was a good friend of heracles ' and an illegitimate son of electryon , king of tiryns and mycenae in the argolid ( which makes him half - brother of alcmene , mother of heracles ) . 
v-chip :: v - chip is a generic term for technology used in television set receivers in canada , brazil and the united states , which allows the blocking of programs based on their ratings category . 
pattern :: a pattern , apart from the term 's use to mean " template " , is a discernible regularity in the world or in a manmade design . 
theona :: in greek mythology , theona was a daughter of dymas , a sister of hecuba and wife of amycus . 
mort :: mort is a " discworld " novel by terry pratchett . 
aeacus :: aeacus (; also spelled eacus ; ancient greek : αἰακός ) was a mythological king of the island of aegina in the saronic gulf . 
coprophagia :: coprophagia or coprophagy is the consumption of feces . 
albuminuria :: albuminuria is a pathological condition wherein the protein albumin is abnormally present in the urine . 
niobium :: niobium , formerly " columbium " , is a chemical element with symbol nb ( formerly " cb " ) and atomic number 41 . 
tibet :: tibet (; ; /ɕi⁵⁵ t͡sɑŋ⁵¹/ ) is a historical region covering much of the tibetan plateau in central asia . 
elatha :: in irish mythology , elatha or elada ( modern spelling : ealadha ) was a king of the fomorians and the father of bres by ériu of the tuatha dé danann . 
lebanon :: lebanon (; ; ; ) , officially known as the lebanese republic ( ; ; ) , is a sovereign state in western asia . 
oenone :: in greek mythology , oenone (; greek : " oinōnē - οἰνώνη " " wine woman " ) was the first wife of paris of troy , whom he abandoned for the queen helen of sparta . 
montenegro :: montenegro ( ; montenegrin : " crna gora"/црна гора , , meaning " black mountain " ) is a sovereign state in southeastern europe . 
rca :: the rca corporation was a major american electronics company , which was founded as the radio corporation of america in 1919 . 
subset :: in mathematics , especially in set theory , a set " a " is a subset of a set " b " , or equivalently " b " is a superset of " a " , if " a " is " contained " inside " b " , that is , all elements of " a " are also elements of " b " . " a " and " b " may coincide . 
icon :: an icon ( from greek " eikōn " " image " ) is a religious work of art , most commonly a painting , from the eastern orthodox church , oriental orthodoxy , and certain eastern catholic churches . 
surrey :: surrey is a county in the south east england and is one of the home counties . 
caryatis :: in ancient greek religion artemis caryatis was an epithet of artemis that was derived from the small " polis " of karyai in laconia ; there an archaic open - air " temenos " was dedicated to carya , the " lady of the nut - tree " , whose priestesses were called the " caryatidai " , represented on the athenian acropolis as the marble caryatids supporting the porch of the erechtheum . 
ginkgoaceae :: the ginkgoaceae is a family of gymnosperms which appeared during the mesozoic era , of which the only extant representative is " ginkgo biloba " , which is for this reason sometimes regarded as a living fossil . 
zx80 :: the sinclair zx80 is a home computer brought to market in 1980 by science of cambridge ltd. ( later to be better known as sinclair research ) . 
höðr :: höðr , old norse hǫðr [ hɔðr ] , ( often anglicized as hod , hoder , or hodur ) is a blind god , the brother of baldr and a son of odin and frigg in norse mythology . 
rockall :: rockall is a british uninhabited granite islet and is found within the exclusive economic zone ( eez ) of the united kingdom , situated in the north atlantic ocean . 
assassins :: assassins ( " al - ḥashāshīn " ) is the common name used to refer to an islamic sect formally known as the nizari ismailis . 
rhythm :: rhythm ( from greek , " rhythmos " , " any regular recurring motion , symmetry " ) generally means a " movement marked by the regulated succession of strong and weak elements , or of opposite or different conditions " . 
matzo :: matzo , matza or matzah ( " matsah " , " matsa " ; plural matzot ; matzos of ashkenazi hebrew dialect ) is an unleavened flatbread that is part of jewish cuisine and forms an integral element of the passover festival , during which " chametz " ( leaven and five grains that , per jewish law , can be leavened ) is forbidden . 
phosphorus :: phosphorus is a chemical element with symbol p and atomic number 15 . 
genesee :: genesee , derived from the seneca word for " pleasant valley " , has been used as the name of : 
iphis :: iphis ( ancient greek : ἶφις ) ( , ) was a name attributed to the following individuals in greek mythology . 
mindanao :: mindanao ( ) is the second largest island in the philippines . 
sejm :: the sejm of the republic of poland (; ) is the lower house of the polish parliament . 
atom :: an atom is the smallest constituent unit of ordinary matter that has the properties of a chemical element . 
lemures :: in roman mythology , the lemures were shades or spirits of the restless or malignant dead , and are probably cognate with an extended sense of larvae ( from latin " larva " , " mask " ) as disturbing or frightening . 
cornaceae :: cornaceae is a cosmopolitan family of flowering plants in the order cornales . 
intel :: intel corporation ( also known as intel , stylized as intel ) is an american multinational corporation and technology company headquartered in santa clara , california ( colloquially referred to as " silicon valley " ) that was founded by gordon moore ( of moore 's law fame ) and robert noyce . 
nottingham :: nottingham ( ) is a city and unitary authority area in nottinghamshire , england , north of london , in the east midlands . 
diptych :: a diptych (; from the greek δίπτυχον , " di " " two " + " ptychē " " fold " ) is any object with two flat plates attached at a hinge . 
scoti :: scoti or scotti is a latin name for the lrish first attested in the late 3rd century . 
plymouth :: plymouth ( ) is a city on the south coast of devon , england , about south - west of exeter and west - south - west of london . 
iaidō :: , abbreviated with , is a japanese martial art that emphasizes being aware and capable of quickly drawing the sword and responding to a sudden attack . 
pion :: in particle physics , a pion ( or a pi meson , denoted with the greek letter pi : ) is any of three subatomic particles : , , and . 
dopamine :: dopamine ( da , a contraction of 3,4-dihydroxyphenethylamine ) is an organic chemical of the catecholamine and phenethylamine families that plays several important roles in the brain and body . 
firestar :: firestar ( angelica " angel " jones ) is a fictional mutant superheroine appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . debuting in 1981 on the nbc animated television series , " spider - man and his amazing friends " , she has the ability to generate and manipulate microwave radiation , allowing her to fly and create intense heat and flames . 
lapidary :: a lapidary ( lapidarist , ) is an artist or artisan who forms stone , minerals , or gemstones into decorative items such as cabochons , engraved gems , including cameos , and faceted designs . 
physiocracy :: physiocracy (; from the greek for " government of nature " ) is an economic theory developed by a group of 18th century enlightenment french economists who believed that the wealth of nations was derived solely from the value of " land agriculture " or " land development " and that agricultural products should be highly priced . 
calorie :: a calorie is a unit of energy . 
workstation :: a workstation is a special computer designed for technical or scientific applications . 
canaan :: canaan (; northwest semitic : " " ; phoenician : 𐤊𐤍𐤏𐤍 ; biblical hebrew / masoretic : " ; ḵənā‘an " ) was a semitic - speaking region in the ancient near east during the late 2nd millennium bc . 
liqueur :: a liqueur ( or ) is an alcoholic beverage made from a distilled spirit that has been flavored with fruit , cream , herbs , spices , flowers or nuts and bottled with added sugar or other sweetener ( such as high - fructose corn syrup ) . 
court :: a court is a tribunal , often as a government institution , with the authority to adjudicate legal disputes between parties and carry out the administration of justice in civil , criminal , and administrative matters in accordance with the rule of law . 
anime :: anime ( ) is a japanese term for hand - drawn or computer animation . 
rhacius :: in greek mythology , rhacius ( ) was the son of lebes , and the leader of the first greeks to settle in caria , and became king of caria . 
epictetus :: epictetus (; , " epíktētos " ; ad 55 135 ) was a greek stoic philosopher . 
patent :: a patent is a set of exclusive rights granted by a sovereign state to an inventor or assignee for a limited period of time in exchange for detailed public disclosure of an invention . 
mithridates :: mithridates or mithradates ( old persian " mithradata " ) is the hellenistic form of an iranian theophoric name , meaning " given by the deity mithra " . 
propitiation :: propitiation , also called expiation , is the act of appeasing or making well - disposed a deity , thus incurring divine favor or avoiding divine retribution . 
rapeman :: rapeman was an american noise rock band founded in 1987 and disbanded in 1989 . 
cicero :: marcus tullius cicero (; ; 3 january 106 bc – 7 december 43 bc ) was a roman politician and lawyer , who served as consul in the year 63 bc . 
oftel :: the office of telecommunications ( oftel ) ( " the telecommunications regulator " ) was a department in the united kingdom government , under civil service control , charged with promoting competition and maintaining the interests of consumers in the uk telecommunications market . 
opis :: opis ( akkadian " upî " or " upija " ; ) was an ancient babylonian city near the tigris , not far from modern baghdad . 
neelin :: neelin is a small community in the canadian province of manitoba . 
enterobacteriaceae :: the enterobacteriaceae are a large family of gram - negative bacteria that includes , along with many harmless symbionts , many of the more familiar pathogens , such as " salmonella " , " escherichia coli " , " yersinia pestis " , " klebsiella " , and " shigella " . 
kami :: in shinto , kami are not separate from nature , but are of nature , possessing positive and negative , and good and evil characteristics . 
acanthaceae :: acanthaceae is a family ( the acanthus family ) of dicotyledonous flowering plants containing almost 250 genera and about 2500 species . 
amorphophallus :: amorphophallus ( from ancient greek " amorphos " , " without form , misshapen " + " phallos " , " penis " , referring to the shape of the prominent spadix ) , commonly known as zaminkand , is a large genus of some 200 tropical and subtropical tuberous herbaceous plants from the " arum " family ( araceae ) , native to asia , africa , australia and various oceanic islands . 
distributary :: a distributary , or a distributary channel , is a stream that branches off and flows away from a main stream channel . 
chiron :: in greek mythology , chiron ( pronounced ; also cheiron or kheiron ; " hand " ) was held to be the superlative centaur amongst his brethren , as he was called as the " wisest and justest of all the centaurs " . 
solemnity :: a solemnity is a feast day of the highest rank in the liturgical calendar of the roman rite , celebrating a mystery of faith such as the trinity , an event in the life of jesus , his mother mary , or another important saint . 
blissymbols :: blissymbols or blissymbolics was conceived as an ideographic writing system called semantography consisting of several hundred basic symbols , each representing a concept , which can be composed together to generate new symbols that represent new concepts . 
chacmool :: chacmool ( also spelled chac - mool ) is the term used to refer to a particular form of pre - columbian mesoamerican sculpture depicting a reclining figure with its head facing 90 degrees from the front , supporting itself on its elbows and supporting a bowl or a disk upon its stomach . 
jackal :: jackals are medium - sized omnivorous mammals of the genus " canis " , which also includes wolves and the domestic dog . 
begonia :: begonia is a genus of perennial flowering plants in the family begoniaceae . 
matera :: matera ( or locally ) is a city and a province in the region of basilicata , in southern italy . 
hecate :: hecate or hekate (; greek ) is a goddess in ancient greek religion and mythology , most often shown holding two torches or a key and in later periods depicted in triple form . 
kykeon :: kykeon ( gr . 
hadrian :: hadrian (; ; 24 january 76 – 10 july 138 ) was roman emperor from 117 to 138 . 
lobster :: lobsters comprise a family ( nephropidae , sometimes also homaridae ) of large marine crustaceans . 
zx81 :: the zx81 is a home computer produced by sinclair research and manufactured in scotland by timex corporation . 
guadeloupe :: guadeloupe (; ; antillean creole : " gwadloup " ) is an insular region of france located in the leeward islands , part of the lesser antilles in the caribbean . administratively 
aberdour :: aberdour (; , ) is a scenic and historic village on the south coast of fife , scotland . 
luminance :: luminance is a photometric measure of the luminous intensity per unit area of light travelling in a given direction . 
carmelites :: the order of the brothers of the blessed virgin mary of mount carmel or carmelites ( sometimes simply carmel by synecdoche ; ) is a roman catholic religious order founded , probably in the 12th century , on mount carmel in the crusader states , hence the name carmelites . 
holden :: holden , formally known as general motors holden , is an australian automobile importer and a former automobile manufacturer with its headquarters in port melbourne , victoria . 
aerobatics :: aerobatics ( a portmanteau of " aerial - acrobatics " ) is the practice of flying maneuvers involving aircraft attitudes that are not used in normal flight . 
hematite :: hematite , also spelled as haematite , is the mineral form of iron(iii ) oxide ( feo ) , one of several iron oxides . 
fólkvangr :: in norse mythology , fólkvangr ( old norse " field of the host " or " people - field " or " army - field " ) is a meadow or field ruled over by the goddess freyja where half of those that die in combat go upon death , while the other half go to the god odin in valhalla . 
boggle :: boggle is a word game designed by allan turoff and originally distributed by parker brothers . 
oklahoma! :: oklahoma ! is the first musical written by the team of composer richard rodgers and librettist oscar hammerstein ii . 
ethics :: ethics or moral philosophy is a branch of philosophy that involves systematizing , defending , and recommending concepts of right and wrong conduct . 
syrah :: syrah or " shiraz " is a dark - skinned grape variety grown throughout the world and used primarily to produce red wine . 
odoacer :: flavius odoacer ( c. 433 – 493 ad ) , also known as flavius odovacer or odovacar ( , ) , was a soldier who in 476 became the first king of italy ( 476–493 ) . 
check-raise :: a check - raise in poker is a common deceptive play in which a player checks early in a betting round , hoping someone else will open . 
syllogism :: a syllogism ( " syllogismos " , " conclusion , inference " ) is a kind of logical argument that applies deductive reasoning to arrive at a conclusion based on two or more propositions that are asserted or assumed to be true . 
hero :: a hero ( masculine ) or heroine ( feminine ) is a person or main character of a literary work who , in the face of danger , combats adversity through feats of ingenuity , bravery or strength , often sacrificing their own personal concerns for a greater good . 
bankruptcy :: bankruptcy is a legal status of a person or other entity that can not repay debts to creditors . 
melanocyte :: melanocytes ( or ) are melanin - producing neural - crest derived cells located in the bottom layer ( the stratum basale ) of the skin 's epidermis , the middle layer of the eye ( the uvea ) , the inner ear , meninges , bones , and heart . 
cypriniformes :: cypriniformes is an order of ray - finned fish , including the carps , minnows , loaches and relatives . 
creon :: creon (; , " kreōn " ) is a figure in greek mythology best known as the ruler of thebes in the legend of oedipus . 
caria :: caria (; from greek : καρία , " karia " , ) was a region of western anatolia extending along the coast from mid - ionia ( mycale ) south to lycia and east to phrygia . 
adûnaic :: adûnaic ( or adunaic ) ( " language of the west " ) is a fictional language in the fantasy works of j. r. r. tolkien . 
hops :: hops are the flowers ( also called seed cones or strobiles ) of the hop plant " humulus lupulus . " 
pantone :: pantone inc. is a corporation headquartered in carlstadt , new jersey . 
mpeg-3 :: mpeg-3 is the designation for a group of audio and video coding standards agreed upon by the moving picture experts group ( mpeg ) designed to handle hdtv signals at 1080p in the range of 20 to 40 megabits per second . 
infusoria :: infusoria is a collective term for minute aquatic creatures such as ciliates , euglenoids , protozoa , unicellular algae and small invertebrates that exist in freshwater ponds . 
cyrenaica :: cyrenaica ( ; " kyrēnaïkḗ " , after the city of cyrene ; " ") is the eastern coastal region of libya . 
microphotonics :: microphotonics is a branch of technology that deals with directing light on a microscopic scale . 
kaist :: kaist ( formally the korea advanced institute of science and technology ) is a public research university located in daedeok innopolis , daejeon , south korea . 
mdma :: 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( mdma ) , commonly known as ecstasy ( e ) , is a psychoactive drug used primarily as a recreational drug . 
cryptomonad :: the cryptomonads ( or cryptophytes ) are a group of algae , most of which have plastids . 
pseudorandomness :: a pseudorandom process is a process that appears to be random but is not . 
duodecimal :: the duodecimal system ( also known as base 12 or dozenal ) is a positional notation numeral system using twelve as its base . 
xiangqi :: xiangqi ( ) , also called chinese chess , is a strategy board game for two players . 
enron :: enron corporation was an american energy , commodities , and services company based in houston , texas . 
brass :: brass is a metallic alloy that is made of copper and zinc . 
predation :: in an ecosystem , predation is a biological interaction where a predator ( an organism that is hunting ) feeds on its prey ( the organism that is attacked ) . 
æthelflæd :: æthelflæd , lady of the mercians ( 870 - 12 june 918 ) ruled mercia in the english midlands from 911 until her death . 
mattel :: mattel , inc. ( ) is an american multinational toy manufacturing company founded in 1945 with headquarters in el segundo , california . 
swastika :: the swastika ( as a character 卐 or 卍 ) is an ancient religious icon used in the indian subcontinent , east asia and southeast asia , where it has been and remains a sacred symbol of spiritual principles in hinduism , buddhism and jainism . 
irssi :: irssi ( ( audio ) ) is an irc client program for linux , freebsd , mac os x and microsoft windows . 
lusitania :: lusitania ( , , ) or hispania lusitana was an ancient iberian roman province including approximately all of modern portugal south of the douro river and part of modern spain ( the present autonomous community of extremadura and a small part of the province of salamanca ) . 
weimar :: weimar (; ) is a city in the federal state of thuringia , germany . 
cold-blooded :: cold - blooded is an informal term for one or more of a group of characteristics that determine an animal 's thermophysiology . 
ukiyo-e :: ukiyo - e is a genre of japanese art which flourished from the 17th through 19th centuries . 
fredrikstad :: fredrikstad (; previously " frederiksstad " ; literally " fredrik 's town " ) is a city and municipality in østfold county , norway . 
aioli :: aioli or aïoli ( or ; provençal or " aiòli " ; ) is a mediterranean sauce made of garlic and olive oil ; in some regions other emulsifiers such as egg are used . 
snake :: snakes are elongated , legless , carnivorous reptiles of the suborder serpentes . 
altair :: altair ( ) , also designated alpha aquilae ( α aquilae , abbreviated alpha aql , α aql ) , is the brightest star in the constellation of aquila and the twelfth brightest star in the night sky . 
vaccine :: a vaccine is a biological preparation that provides active acquired immunity to a particular disease . 
aikido :: ueshiba 's goal was to create an art that practitioners could use to defend themselves while also protecting their attacker from injury . 
tianjin :: tianjin ( ) , formerly known in english as tientsin , is a metropolis in northern coastal mainland china and one of the four national central cities of the country , with a total population of 15,469,500 , and is also the world 's 6th - most populous city proper . 
brutus :: brutus is a " cognomen " of the roman " gens junia " , a prominent family of the roman republic . 
gullveig :: in norse mythology , gullveig is a being who was speared by the æsir , burnt three times , and yet thrice reborn . 
polynices :: in greek mythology , polynices , sometimes spelled polyneices , ( greek : πολυνείκης , transl . " polyneíkes " , " manifold strife " ) was the son of oedipus and jocasta . 
speciation :: speciation is the evolutionary process by which biological populations evolve to become distinct species . 
ninja :: a or was a covert agent or mercenary in feudal japan . 
karachi :: karachi (; ala - lc : , ; ) is the capital of the pakistani province of sindh . 
ice :: ice is water frozen into a solid state . 
calotype :: calotype or talbotype is an early photographic process introduced in 1841 by william henry fox talbot , using paper coated with silver iodide . 
proserpina :: proserpina (; ) or proserpine ( ) is an ancient roman goddess whose cult , myths and mysteries were based on those of greek persephone and her mother demeter , the greek goddess of grain and agriculture . 
shakers :: the united society of believers in christ 's second appearing , more commonly known as the shakers , is a millenarian restorationist christian sect founded in the 18th century in england . 
auction :: an auction is a process of buying and selling goods or services by offering them up for bid , taking bids , and then selling the item to the highest bidder . 
etiology :: etiology (; alternatively aetiology or ætiology ) is the study of causation , or origination . 
devon :: devon ( ) , also known as devonshire , which was formerly its common and official name , is a county of england , reaching from the bristol channel in the north to the english channel in the south . 
reincarnation :: reincarnation is the philosophical or religious concept that an aspect of a living being starts a new life in a different physical body or form after each biological death . 
norway :: norway ( ; norwegian : ( bokmål ) or ( nynorsk ) ; ) , officially the kingdom of norway , is a sovereign state and unitary monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the scandinavian peninsula plus the remote island of jan mayen and the archipelago of svalbard . 
olot :: olot ( ) is the capital city of the " comarca " of garrotxa , in the province of girona , catalonia , spain . 
majorian :: flavius julius valerius majorianus ( c. ad 420 – august 7 , 461 ) , usually known simply as majorian , was the western roman emperor from 457 to 461 . 
alhambra :: the alhambra (; ; , " al - ḥamrā " , lit . " 
ragnarök :: in norse mythology , ragnarök is a series of future events , including a great battle , foretold to ultimately result in the death of a number of major figures ( including the gods odin , thor , týr , freyr , heimdallr , and loki ) , the occurrence of various natural disasters , and the subsequent submersion of the world in water . 
gecko :: geckos are lizards belonging to the infraorder gekkota , found in warm climates throughout the world . 
éljúðnir :: in norse mythology , éljúðnir ( sometimes anglicized to eljudnir ) is hel 's hall located in niflheim as described in chapter 34 of snorri sturluson 's prose edda in the book " gylfaginning " . 
journal :: a journal ( through french from latin " diurnalis " , daily ) has several related meanings : the word " journalist " , for one whose business is writing for the public press and nowadays also other media , has been in use since the end of the 17th century . 
femtosecond :: a femtosecond is the si unit of time equal to 10 or / of a second ; that is , one quadrillionth , or one millionth of one billionth , of a second . 
astydameia :: in greek mythology , astydameia astydamea or astydamia ( ancient greek : αστυδάμεια , derived from " astu " " town " and " damao " " to tame " ) is a name attributed to five individuals : 
cladistics :: cladistics ( from greek , " klados " , i.e. , " branch " ) is an approach to biological classification in which organisms are categorized based on shared derived characteristics that can be traced to a group 's most recent common ancestor and are not present in more distant ancestors . 
symbiogenesis :: symbiogenesis , or endosymbiotic theory , is an evolutionary theory of the origin of eukaryotic cells from prokaryotic organisms , first articulated in 1905 and 1910 by the russian botanist konstantin mereschkowski , and advanced and substantiated with microbiological evidence by lynn margulis in 1967 . 
sequoia :: sequoyah ( 1767–1843 ) was the inventor of the cherokee syllabary . 
dye :: a dye is a colored substance that has an affinity to the substrate to which it is being applied . 
cheers :: cheers is an american sitcom that ran on nbc from september 30 , 1982 , to may 20 , 1993 , with a total of 275 half - hour episodes spanning over eleven seasons . 
haemophilia :: haemophilia , also spelled hemophilia , is a mostly inherited genetic disorder that impairs the body 's ability to make blood clots , a process needed to stop bleeding . 
berchtesgaden :: berchtesgaden ( ) is a municipality in the german bavarian alps . 
downwelling :: downwelling is the process of accumulation and sinking of higher density material beneath lower density material , such as cold or saline water beneath warmer or fresher water or cold air beneath warm air . 
shogi :: the earliest predecessor of the game , chaturanga , originated in india in the 6th century . shogi in its present form was played as early as the 16th century , while a direct ancestor without the drop rule was recorded from 1210 in a historical document " nichūreki " , which is an edited copy of " shōchūreki " and " kaichūreki " from the late heian period ( c. 1120 ) . 
carbide :: in chemistry , a carbide is a compound composed of carbon and a less electronegative element . 
zodiac :: the zodiac is an area of the sky that extends approximately 8° north or south ( as measured in celestial latitude ) of the ecliptic , the apparent path of the sun across the celestial sphere over the course of the year . 
phrixus :: in greek mythology phrixus (; also spelt phryxus ; , " phrixos " ) was the son of athamas , king of boeotia , and nephele ( a goddess of clouds ) . 
nocturnality :: nocturnality is an animal behavior characterized by being active during the night and sleeping during the day . 
scorpion :: scorpions are predatory arachnids of the order scorpiones . 
providentia :: in ancient roman religion , providentia is a divine personification of the ability to foresee and make provision . 
handloading :: handloading or reloading is the process of loading firearm cartridges or shotgun shells by assembling the individual components ( case / hull , primer , powder , and bullet / shot ) , rather than purchasing completely assembled , factory - loaded ammunition . 
mvs :: multiple virtual storage , more commonly called mvs , was the most commonly used operating system on the system/370 and system/390 ibm mainframe computers . 
bioaccumulation :: bioaccumulation is the accumulation of substances , such as pesticides , or other chemicals in an organism . 
caduceus :: the caduceus ( ☤ ; or ; from greek ' " herald 's wand , or staff " ) is the staff carried by hermes in greek mythology and consequently by hermes trismegistus in greco - egyptian mythology . 
fencing :: fencing is a sport in which two competitors fight using ' rapier - style ' swords , called the foil , the épée , and the sabre ; winning points are made through the contact with an opponent . fencing was one of the first sports to be played in the olympics . 
yacc :: yacc ( yet another compiler - compiler ) is a computer program for the unix operating system . 
palau :: palau ( , historically belau or pelew ) , officially the republic of palau ( ) , is an island country located in the western pacific ocean . 
back-bond :: back - bond , or back - letter , in scots law , is a deed qualifying the terms of another deed , or declaratory of the purposes for which another deed has been granted . 
molfetta :: molfetta is city of the metropolitan city of bari , apulia , southern italy . 
protagonist :: a protagonist ( ) is the main character in any story , such as a literary work or drama . 
stand-in :: a stand - in for film and television is a person who substitutes for the actor before filming , for technical purposes such as lighting and camera setup . 
abortion :: abortion is the ending of pregnancy by removing a fetus or embryo before it can survive outside the uterus . 
jeans :: jeans are a type of pants , typically made from denim or dungaree cloth . 
hestia :: in ancient greek religion , hestia (; , " hearth " or " fireside " ) is a virgin goddess of the hearth , architecture , and the right ordering of domesticity , the family , the home , and the state . 
physiologus :: the physiologus is a didactic christian text written or compiled in greek by an unknown author , in alexandria ; its composition has been traditionally dated to the 2nd century ad by readers who saw parallels with writings of clement of alexandria , who is asserted to have known the text , though alan scott has made a case for a date at the end of the 3rd or in the 4th century . 
edo :: , also romanized as jedo , yedo or yeddo , is the former name of tokyo . 
collecting :: the hobby of collecting includes seeking , locating , acquiring , organizing , cataloging , displaying , storing , and maintaining whatever items are of interest to the individual collector . 
micropterus :: micropterus is a genus of freshwater fish in the sunfish family ( family centrarchidae ) of order perciformes . 
parsec :: the parsec ( symbol : pc ) is a unit of length used to measure large distances to astronomical objects outside the solar system . 
orrery :: an orrery is a mechanical model of the solar system that illustrates or predicts the relative positions and motions of the planets and moons , usually according to the heliocentric model . 
screenplay :: a screenplay or script is a written work by screenwriters for a film , video game or television program . 
forgetting :: forgetting or disremembering is the apparent loss or modification of information already encoded and stored in an individual 's long - term memory . 
polydectes :: in greek mythology , king polydectes ( ) was the ruler of the island of seriphos . 
tocopherol :: tocopherols ( tcp ) are a class of organic chemical compounds ( more precisely , various methylated phenols ) , many of which have vitamin e activity . because the vitamin activity was first identified in 1936 from a dietary fertility factor in rats , it was given the name " tocopherol " from the greek words " τόκος " [ " tókos " , birth ] , and " φέρειν " , [ " phérein " , to bear or carry ] meaning in sum " to carry a pregnancy , " with the ending " -ol " signifying its status as a chemical alcohol . 
akhal-teke :: the akhal - teke ( or ; from turkmen " ahalteke " , ) is a horse breed from turkmenistan , where they are a national emblem . 
phthonus :: in greek mythology , phthonus ( , " phthónos " ) was the personification of jealousy and envy , especially in matters of love . 
politics :: politics ( from greek : politiká : " politika " , definition " affairs of the cities " ) is the process of making decisions that apply to members of a group . more narrowly , it refers to achieving and exercising positions of governance — organized control over a human community , particularly a state . 
rebol :: rebol ( ; historically rebol ) is a cross - platform data exchange language and a multi - paradigm dynamic programming language designed by carl sassenrath for network communications and distributed computing . 
iona :: iona ( ) is a small island in the inner hebrides off the ross of mull on the western coast of scotland . 
deioneus :: in greek mythology , deioneus (; ) or deion (; ) is a name attributed to the following individuals : 
conjecture :: in mathematics , a conjecture is a conclusion or proposition based on incomplete information , for which no proof has been found . 
ruler :: a ruler , sometimes called a rule or line gauge , is a straightedge with equally spaced markings along its length . 
alicante :: alicante ( , ) , or ( ) , both the spanish and valencian being official names , is a city and port in spain on the costa blanca , the capital of the province of alicante and of the comarca of alacantí , in the south of the valencian community . 
modula :: the modula programming language is a descendant of the pascal programming language . 
azores :: the azores ( or ; , ) , officially the autonomous region of the azores ( " ") , is one of the two autonomous regions of portugal , an archipelago composed of nine volcanic islands in the north atlantic ocean about west of continental portugal , about west of lisbon , in continental portugal , about from the african coast , and about southeast of newfoundland , canada . 
symbol :: a symbol is a mark , sign , or word that indicates , signifies , or is understood as representing an idea , object , or relationship . 
alaska :: alaska ( ) is a u.s. state located in the northwest extremity of north america . 
hotel :: a hotel is an establishment that provides paid lodging on a short - term basis . 
pixar :: pixar ( ) , also referred to as pixar animation studios , is an american computer animation film studio based in emeryville , california that is a subsidiary of the walt disney company . 
pet :: a pet or companion animal is an animal kept primarily for a person 's company , protection , or entertainment rather than as a working animal , livestock , or laboratory animal . 
persuasion :: persuasion is an umbrella term of influence . 
lame :: lame is a software encoder that converts audio to the mp3 file format . 
hound :: a hound is a type of dog used by hunters to track or chase prey . 
management :: management ( or managing ) is the administration of an organization , whether it be a business , a not - for - profit organization , or government body . 
balts :: the balts or baltic people ( , ) are an indo - european ethno - linguistic group who speak the baltic languages , a branch of the indo - european language family , which was originally spoken by tribes living in area east of jutland peninsula in the west and moscow , oka and volga rivers basins in the east . 
masochism :: masochism is the practice of seeking pain because it is pleasurable , named for leopold von sacher - masoch from lviv . 
foundationalism :: foundationalism concerns philosophical theories of knowledge resting upon justified belief , or some secure foundation of certainty such as a conclusion inferred from a basis of sound premises . 
ceuta :: ceuta ( assimilated pronunciation , also ; ; arabic : سبتة , " sabtah " ) is an spanish autonomous city on the north coast of africa , separated by 14 kilometers from cadiz province on the spanish mainland by the strait of gibraltar and sharing a 6.4 kilometer land border with m'diq - fnideq prefecture in the kingdom of morocco . 
aganippe :: aganippe (; ancient greek : ἀγανίππη ) was a name or epithet of several figures in greek mythology . 
visigoths :: the visigoths ( ; ; ; ) were the western branches of the nomadic tribes of germanic peoples referred to collectively as the goths . 
quartz :: quartz is a mineral composed of silicon and oxygen atoms in a continuous framework of sio silicon – oxygen tetrahedra , with each oxygen being shared between two tetrahedra , giving an overall chemical formula of sio. quartz is the second most abundant mineral in earth 's continental crust , behind feldspar . 
odysseus :: odysseus (; ) , also known by the latin variant ulysses ( , ; ) , was a legendary greek king of ithaca and the hero of homer 's epic poem the " odyssey " . 
shenmue :: shenmue is an open - world action - adventure video game developed by sega am2 and published by sega for the dreamcast in 1999 in japan and late 2000 in other territories . 
intension :: in linguistics , logic , philosophy , and other fields , an intension is any property or quality connoted by a word , phrase , or another symbol . 
ossicles :: the ossicles ( also called auditory ossicles ) are three bones in either middle ear that are among the smallest bones in the human body . 
video :: video is an electronic medium for the recording , copying , playback , broadcasting , and display of moving visual media . 
procopius :: procopius of caesarea ( " prokopios ho kaisareus " , ; 500 – 554 ad ) was a prominent late antique scholar from palaestina prima . 
golem :: in jewish folklore , a golem ( ; ) is an animated anthropomorphic being that is magically created entirely from inanimate matter ( specifically clay or mud ) . 
noricum :: noricum is the latin name for a celtic kingdom , or federation of tribes , that included most of modern austria and part of slovenia . 
plasmid :: a plasmid is a small dna molecule within a cell that is physically separated from a chromosomal dna and can replicate independently . 
flange :: a flange is an external or internal ridge , or rim ( lip ) , for strength , as the flange of an iron beam such as an i - beam or a t - beam ; or for attachment to another object , as the flange on the end of a pipe , steam cylinder , etc . , or on the lens mount of a camera ; or for a flange of a rail car or tram wheel . 
tetromino :: a tetromino is a geometric shape composed of four squares , connected orthogonally . 
atoll :: an atoll ( , , , , or ) , sometimes called a coral atoll , is a ring - shaped coral reef including a coral rim that encircles a lagoon partially or completely . 
teruel :: teruel ( ) is a city in aragon , located in eastern spain , and is also the capital of teruel province . 
chakra :: chakra ( iast : c̣akra , meaning " wheel , circle " ) , sometimes spelled cakra or cakka , is any center of subtle body believed to be psychic - energy centers in the esoteric traditions of indian religions . 
contras :: the contras were the various u.s .- backed and funded right - wing rebel groups that were active from 1979 to the early 1990s in opposition to the left - wing , socialist sandinista junta of national reconstruction government in nicaragua . 
sevastopol :: sevastopol or traditionally sebastopol ( or ; ; ; ) is the largest city on the crimean peninsula and a major black sea port . 
metaphone :: metaphone is a phonetic algorithm , published by lawrence philips in 1990 , for indexing words by their english pronunciation . 
iapydes :: the iapydes ( or iapodes , japodes ; ) were an ancient people who dwelt north of and inland from the liburnians , off the adriatic coast and eastwards of the istrian peninsula . 
ajmer-merwara :: ajmer - merwara , also known as ajmir province and as ajmer - merwara - kekri , is a former province of british india in the historical ajmer region . 
orkney :: orkney ( ) , also known as the orkney islands , is an archipelago in the northern isles of scotland , situated off the north coast of great britain . 
maggieknockater :: maggieknockater ( " magh an fhucadair " in scottish gaelic ) is a hamlet on the a95 road between craigellachie and mulben in scotland in the moray council area , in the former county of banffshire . 
dna :: deoxyribonucleic acid (; dna ) is a molecule that carries the genetic instructions used in the growth , development , functioning and reproduction of all known living organisms and many viruses . 
autocracy :: an autocracy is a system of government in which supreme power ( social and political ) is concentrated in the hands of one person , whose decisions are subject to neither external legal restraints nor regularized mechanisms of popular control ( except perhaps for the implicit threat of a coup d'état or mass insurrection ) . 
jato :: jato ( acronym for jet - assisted take - off ) , is a type of assisted take - off for helping overloaded aircraft into the air by providing additional thrust in the form of small rockets . 
phoniatrics :: phoniatrics or phoniatry is the study and treatment of organs involved in speech production , mainly the mouth , throat ( larynx ) , vocal cords , and lungs . 
dahlia :: dahlia ( or ) is a genus of bushy , tuberous , herbaceous perennial plants native to mexico . 
humour :: humour ( british english ) or humor ( american english ; see spelling differences ) is the tendency of particular cognitive experiences to provoke laughter and provide amusement . 
barcelonnette :: barcelonnette (; ) is a commune of france and a subprefecture in the department of alpes - de - haute - provence , in the provence - alpes - côte d'azur region . 
rubiales :: rubiales was an order of flowering plants in the cronquist system , including the families rubiaceae and theligonaceae . 
pollock :: pollock ( alternatively and more commonly among anglers spelled " pollack " ; pronounced ) is the common name used for either of the two species of north atlantic marine fish in the genus pollachius . " 
rasterisation :: rasterisation ( or rasterization ) is the task of taking an image described in a vector graphics format ( shapes ) and converting it into a raster image ( pixels or dots ) for output on a video display or printer , or for storage in a bitmap file format . 
meliae :: in greek mythology , the meliae ( or meliai ) (; " meliai " or μελιάδες " meliades " ) were usually considered to be the nymphs of the ash tree , whose name they shared . 
shantideva :: shantideva ( sanskrit : śāntideva ; ; ; ; ) was an 8th - century indian buddhist monk and scholar at nalanda . 
tourism :: tourism is travel for pleasure or business ; also the theory and practice of touring , the business of attracting , accommodating , and entertaining tourists , and the business of operating tours . 
suffrage :: suffrage , political franchise , or simply franchise is the right to vote in public , political elections ( although the term is sometimes used for any right to vote ) . 
bislama :: bislama (; ; also known under its earlier name in french " bichelamar " ) is a creole language , one of the official languages of vanuatu . 
regiomontanus :: johannes müller von königsberg ( 6 june 1436 – 6 july 1476 ) , better known as regiomontanus , was a mathematician and astronomer of the german renaissance , active in vienna , buda and nuremberg . 
lorisidae :: lorisidae ( or sometimes loridae ) is a family of strepsirrhine primates . 
gracchi :: the gracchus brothers , tiberius and gaius , were romans who both served as tribunes in the late 2nd century bc . 
hydropower :: hydropower or water power ( from , " water " ) is power derived from the energy of falling water or fast running water , which may be harnessed for useful purposes . 
titanite :: titanite , or sphene ( from the greek " sphenos " ( σφηνώ ) , meaning wedge ) , is a calcium titanium nesosilicate mineral , catisio. trace impurities of iron and aluminium are typically present . 
carabinieri :: the carabinieri ( formally " arma dei carabinieri " , " arm of carabineers " or previously " corpo dei carabinieri reali " , " corps of royal carabiniers " ; ) is an italian military force charged with police duties under the authority of both the ministry of defence and ministry of the interior ( for public order tasks ) . 
beadwork :: beadwork is the art or craft of attaching beads to one another by stringing them with a sewing needle or beading needle and thread or thin wire , or sewing them to cloth . 
spheroid :: a spheroid , or ellipsoid of revolution , is a quadric surface obtained by rotating an ellipse about one of its principal axes ; in other words , an ellipsoid with two equal semi - diameters . 
abbey :: an abbey is a complex of buildings used by members of a religious order under the governance of an abbot or abbess . 
grasse :: grasse (; provençal occitan : " grassa " or " grasso " , ) is a commune in the alpes - maritimes department ( of which it is a sub - prefecture ) , on the french riviera . 
campanulales :: campanulales is a valid botanic name for a plant order . 
herodotus :: herodotus (; , " hêródotos " , ) was a greek historian who was born in halicarnassus in the persian empire ( modern - day bodrum , turkey ) and lived in the fifth century bc ( 484– 425 bc ) , a contemporary of thucydides , socrates , and euripides . 
multivibrator :: a multivibrator is an electronic circuit used to implement a variety of simple two - state devices such as relaxation oscillators , timers and flip - flops . 
tapas :: a tapa ( ) , in spanish cuisine , is an appetizer , or snack . 
lombok :: lombok is an island in west nusa tenggara province , indonesia . 
sex :: organisms of many species are specialized into male and female varieties , each known as a sex , with some falling in between being intersex . 
paramaribo :: paramaribo ( , nickname : par′bo ) is the capital and largest city of suriname , located on the banks of the suriname river in the paramaribo district . 
steakhouse :: a steakhouse , steak house , or chophouse is a restaurant that specializes in steaks and chops . 
arkan :: željko ražnatović ( , ; 17 april 1952 – 15 january 2000 ) , better known as arkan ( аркан ) , was a serbian career criminal and commander of a paramilitary force in the yugoslav wars , called the serb volunteer guard . 
at :: the word at is an english word , which may act as a preposition . 
aratrum :: aratrum is the latin word for ard , and " arotron " ( ἄροτρον ) is the greek word . 
hogwarts :: hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry , shortened hogwarts , is a fictional british school of magic for students aged eleven to eighteen , and is the primary setting for the first six books in j.k. rowling 's " harry potter " series . 
attention :: attention is the behavioral and cognitive process of selectively concentrating on a discrete aspect of information , whether deemed subjective or objective , while ignoring other perceivable information . 
amphiaraus :: in greek mythology , amphiaraus (; ancient greek : ἀμφιάραος " amphiaraos " , " doubly cursed " or " twice ares - like " ) was the king of argos along with adrastus and iphis . 
wicca :: wicca ( ) , also termed pagan witchcraft , is a contemporary pagan new religious movement . 
leather :: leather is a durable and flexible material created by tanning animal rawhide and skin , often cattle hide . 
sildenafil :: sildenafil , sold as the brand name viagra among others , is a medication used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension . 
lokasenna :: lokasenna ( " loki 's flyting , " " loki 's wrangling , " " loki 's quarrel " ) is one of the poems of the " poetic edda " . 
'ndrangheta :: the ' ndràngheta ( ) is an organized crime group centered in calabria , italy . 
lulach :: lulach mac gille coemgáin ( modern gaelic : " lughlagh mac gille chomghain " , known in english simply as lulach , and nicknamed tairbith , " the unfortunate " and fatuus , " the simple - minded " or " the foolish " ; before 1033 – 17 march 1058 ) was king of scots between 15 august 1057 and 17 march 1058 . 
oerth :: in the " dungeons & dragons " roleplaying game , oerth is the name of the fictional planet on which one of the earliest campaign settings , the " world of greyhawk " , is located . 
botany :: botany , also called plant science(s ) , plant biology or phytology , is the science of plant life and a branch of biology . 
pytheas :: pytheas of massalia ( ancient greek : πυθέας ὁ μασσαλιώτης " pythéas ho massaliōtes " ; latin : " pytheas massiliensis " ; fl . 
achtland :: in irish mythology , queen achtland married one of the tuatha dé danann who were the people of the goddess danu . 
shirehorses :: the shirehorses are a spoof band comprising two bbc radio djs from manchester , mark radcliffe and marc riley , known collectively as mark and lard . 
friday :: friday is the day after thursday and the day before saturday . 
actrius :: actresses ( catalan : actrius ) is a 1997 catalan language spanish drama film produced and directed by ventura pons and based on the award - winning stage play " e.r. " by josep maria benet i jornet . 
evadne :: in greek mythology , evadne ( ) was a name attributed to the following individuals : 
cumhall :: cumhall ( earlier cumall , pronounced roughly " coo - al " or " cool " ) son of trénmór ( " strong - great " ) is a figure in the fenian cycle of irish mythology , a leader of the fianna and the father of fionn mac cumhaill . 
thyrsus :: a thyrsus or thyrsos ( ) was a wand or staff of giant fennel ( " ferula communis " ) covered with ivy vines and leaves , sometimes wound with taeniae and always topped with a pine cone . 
dionysus :: dionysus (; " dionysos " ) is the god of the grape harvest , winemaking and wine , of ritual madness , fertility , theatre and religious ecstasy in ancient greek religion and myth . 
duplexer :: a duplexer is an electronic device that allows bi - directional ( duplex ) communication over a single path . 
chalcogen :: the chalcogens ( ) are the chemical elements in group 16 of the periodic table . 
anorthoclase :: the mineral anorthoclase ( ( na , k)alsio ) is a crystalline solid solution in the alkali feldspar series , in which the sodium - aluminium silicate member exists in larger proportion . 
anatase :: anatase is one of the three mineral forms of titanium dioxide , the other two being brookite and rutile . 
ulan-ude :: ulan - ude (; , " ulân üde " ) is the capital city of the republic of buryatia , russia ; it is located about southeast of lake baikal on the uda river at its confluence with the selenga . 
maxis :: ea maxis is a subsidiary of electronic arts ( ea ) , serving as one of its four major video game development labels . 
dolmen :: a dolmen ( ) is a type of single - chamber megalithic tomb , usually consisting of two or more vertical megaliths supporting a large flat horizontal capstone ( " table " ) , although there are also more complex variants . 
homeschooling :: homeschooling , also known as home education , is the education of children inside the home . 
nanomedicine :: nanomedicine is the medical application of nanotechnology . 
sodium :: sodium is a chemical element with symbol na ( from latin " natrium " ) and atomic number 11 . 
amoco :: amoco corporation , originally standard oil company ( indiana ) , is a global chemical and oil company that was founded in 1889 around a refinery located in whiting , indiana , united states . 
morphology :: morphology , from the greek and meaning " study of shape " , may mean : 
sinon :: in greek mythology , sinon ( greek : " σίνων " , from the verb " σίνομαι"—"sinomai " , " to harm , to hurt " ) a son of aesimus ( son of autolycus ) , or of the crafty sisyphus , was a greek warrior during the trojan war . 
pulley :: a pulley is a wheel on an axle or shaft that is designed to support movement and change of direction of a taut cable . 
penthesilea :: penthesilea ( ) or " penthesileia " was an amazonian queen in greek mythology , the daughter of ares and otrera and the sister of hippolyta , antiope and melanippe . 
butter :: butter is a dairy product containing up to 80% butterfat ( in commercial products ) which is solid when chilled and at room temperature in some regions and liquid when warmed . 
n-entity :: in telecommunication , a " n "- entity is an active element in the " n "- th layer of the open systems interconnection -- reference model ( osi - rm ) that ( a ) interacts directly with elements , " i.e. " , entities , of the layer immediately above or below the " n "- th layer , ( b ) is defined by a unique set of rules , " i.e. " , syntax , and information formats , including data and control formats , and ( c ) performs a defined set of functions . 
javascript :: javascript ( ) , often abbreviated as js , is a high - level , dynamic , weakly typed , prototype - based , multi - paradigm , and interpreted programming language . 
laomedon :: in greek mythology , laomedon (; ) was a trojan king , son of ilus , nephew of ganymede and assaracus , and father of priam , astyoche , lampus , hicetaon , clytius , cilla , proclia , aethilla , medesicaste , clytodora , and hesione . 
hedwig :: hedwig is a feminine german given name . 
achilles :: in greek mythology , achilles ( , ; ) was a greek hero of the trojan war and the central character and greatest warrior of homer 's " iliad " . 
antinous :: antinous ( also " antinoüs " or " antinoös " ; ; 27 november , c. 111 – before 30 october 130 ) was a bithynian greek youth and a favourite , or lover , of the roman emperor hadrian . 
jasper :: jasper , an aggregate of microgranular quartz and/or chalcedony and other mineral phases , is an opaque , impure variety of silica , usually red , yellow , brown or green in color ; and rarely blue . 
turners :: turners ( ) are members of german - american gymnastic clubs . 
neon :: neon is a chemical element with symbol ne and atomic number 10 . 
stevia :: stevia ( , or ) is a sweetener and sugar substitute extracted from the leaves of the plant species " stevia rebaudiana " . 
curaçao :: curaçao ( or ; , ; ) is a lesser antilles island country in the southern caribbean sea and the dutch caribbean region , about north of the venezuelan coast . 
boat :: a boat is a watercraft of a large range of sizes designed to float , plane , work or travel on water . 
romania :: romania ( ; ) is a sovereign state located in southeastern europe . 
partridge :: partridges are medium - sized non - migratory gamebirds , with a wide native distribution throughout the old world , including europe , asia , and parts of africa . 
party :: a party is a gathering of people who have been invited by a host for the purposes of socializing , conversation , recreation , or as part of a festival or other commemoration of a special occasion . 
juggernaut :: a juggernaut ( , , ) , in current english usage , is a literal or metaphorical force regarded as mercilessly destructive and unstoppable . 
veal :: veal is the meat of calves , in contrast to the beef from older cattle . 
disfranchisement :: disfranchisement ( also called disenfranchisement ) is the revocation of the right of suffrage ( the right to vote ) of a person or group of people , or through practices , prevention of a person exercising the right to vote . 
tachyon :: a tachyon or tachyonic particle is a hypothetical particle that always moves faster than light . 
engraving :: engraving is the practice of incising a design onto a hard , usually flat surface by cutting grooves into it . 
archaeopteryx :: archaeopteryx ( ) , meaning " first wing " ( sometimes referred to by its german name ( " original bird " or " first bird " ) ) , is a genus of bird - like dinosaurs that is transitional between non - avian feathered dinosaurs and modern birds . 
khat :: khat ( " catha edulis " , " qat " from ) is a flowering plant native to the horn of africa and the arabian peninsula . 
tutankhamun :: tutankhamun (; alternatively spelled with " tutenkh- " , " -amen " , " -amon " ) was an egyptian pharaoh of the 18th dynasty ( ruled c. 1332–1323 bc in the conventional chronology ) , during the period of egyptian history known as the new kingdom or sometimes the new empire period . 
photoconductivity :: photoconductivity is an optical and electrical phenomenon in which a material becomes more electrically conductive due to the absorption of electromagnetic radiation such as visible light , ultraviolet light , infrared light , or gamma radiation . 
evenks :: the evenks ( also spelled ewenki or evenki ) ( autonym : эвэнкил " evenkil " ; " evenki " ; ; formerly known as tungus or tunguz ; " khamnigan " ) are a tungusic people of northern asia . 
abdülaziz :: abdülaziz ( ottoman turkish : عبد العزيز / " ` abdü’l-`azīz " , ; 9 february 18304 june 1876 ) was the 32nd sultan of the ottoman empire and reigned between 25 june 1861 and 30 may 1876 . 
decipherment :: in philology , decipherment is the discovery of the meaning of texts written in ancient or obscure languages or scripts . 
drôme :: drôme (; " droma " in occitan , " drôma " in arpitan ) is a department in southeastern france named after the drôme river . 
tertullian :: tertullian ( ) , full name " quintus septimius florens tertullianus " , c. 155 – c. 240 ad , was a prolific early christian author from carthage in the roman province of africa . 
tattoo :: a tattoo is a form of body modification where a design is made by inserting ink , dyes and pigments , either indelible or temporary , into the dermis layer of the skin to change the pigment . 
r'lyeh :: r'lyeh is a fictional lost city that first appeared in the h. p. lovecraft short story " 
hippie :: a hippie ( or hippy ) is a member of a counterculture , originally a youth movement that started in the united states during the mid-1960s and spread to other countries around the world . 
fileman :: fileman is a set of utilities written by george timson in the late 1970s and early 1980s , using mumps , which provide a meta - data function for mumps applications . 
periodization :: periodization is the process or study of categorizing the past into discrete , quantified named blocks of time in order to facilitate the study and analysis of history . 
cerberus :: in greek mythology , cerberus (; " kerberos " ) 
naturopathy :: naturopathy or naturopathic medicine is a form of alternative medicine that employs an array of pseudoscientific practices branded as " natural " , " non - invasive " , and as promoting " self - healing " . 
origami :: ) is the art of paper folding , which is often associated with japanese culture . 
warlock :: a warlock is a male practitioner of evil magic ( distinguished from a wizard or sorcerer , whose magic may be benign ) . 
opera :: opera (; english plural : " operas " ; italian plural : " opere " ) is an art form in which singers and musicians perform a dramatic work combining text ( libretto ) and musical score , usually in a theatrical setting . 
honos :: in roman mythology , honos was the god of chivalry , honor and military justice . 
ramstein :: ramstein or rammstein could refer to : in france : 
askafroa :: the askafroa ( ) also known as the danish askefrue and german eschenfrau , is a type of legendary creature in scandinavian and german folklore , similar to the greek hamadryads . 
perugia :: perugia (; ) is the capital city of both the region of umbria in central italy , crossed by the river tiber , and of the province of perugia . 
wombat :: wombats are short - legged , muscular quadrupedal marsupials that are native to australia . 
icq :: icq is an instant messaging client that was first developed and popularized by the israeli company mirabilis in 1996 . 
heuristic :: a heuristic technique (; , " find " or " discover " ) , often called simply a heuristic , is any approach to problem solving , learning , or discovery that employs a practical method not guaranteed to be optimal or perfect , but sufficient for the immediate goals . 
hereford :: hereford ( ) is a cathedral city , civil parish and county town of herefordshire , england . 
onychophora :: onychophora ( from ancient greek , " onyches " , " claws " ; and " pherein " , " to carry " ) , commonly known as velvet worms ( due to their velvety texture and somewhat wormlike appearance ) or more ambiguously as peripatus ( after the first described genus , " peripatus " ) , is a phylum of elongate , soft - bodied , many - legged panarthropods . 
alcoholism :: alcoholism , also known as alcohol use disorder ( aud ) , is a broad term for any drinking of alcohol that results in mental or physical health problems . 
arxiv :: arxiv ( pronounced " archive " ) is a repository of electronic preprints , known as e - prints , of scientific papers in the fields of mathematics , physics , astronomy , computer science , quantitative biology , statistics , and quantitative finance , which can be accessed online . 
scrambler :: in telecommunications , a scrambler is a device that transposes or inverts signals or otherwise encodes a message at the sender 's side to make the message unintelligible at a receiver not equipped with an appropriately set descrambling device . 
diocletian :: diocletian (; ) , born diocles ( 244–312 ) , was a roman emperor from 284 to 305 . 
alberta :: alberta ( ) is a western province of canada . 
scrappy-doo :: scrappy - doo is a fictional great dane puppy created by hanna - barbera productions in 1979 , with the catchphrases , " scrappy dappy doo " , " lemme at ' em ! " and " puppy power ! " . 
siggraph :: siggraph ( short for special interest group on computer graphics and interactive techniques ) is the name of the annual conference on computer graphics ( cg ) convened by the acm siggraph organization . 
pyrrha :: in greek mythology , pyrrha (; ) was the daughter of epimetheus and pandora and wife of deucalion of whom she had three sons , hellen , amphictyon , orestheus ; and three daughters protogeneia , pandora ii and thyia . 
ammihud :: ammihud ( " ‘ ammîhūḏ " , " people of glory " or " renowned " ) is the name of several hebrew bible figures : 
ripoll :: ripoll ( ) is the capital of the " comarca " of ripollès , in the province of girona , catalonia , spain . 
paraphyly :: in taxonomy , a group is paraphyletic if it consists of the group 's last common ancestor and all descendants of that ancestor excluding a few — typically only one or two — monophyletic subgroups . 
arkham :: arkham ( ) is a fictional town situated in massachusetts . 
syenite :: syenite is a coarse - grained intrusive igneous rock with a general composition similar to that of granite , but deficient in quartz , which , if present at all , occurs in relatively small concentrations ( < 5% ) . 
mantus :: in etruscan myth and religion , mantus was a god of the underworld in the po valley , as described by servius . 
diamagnetism :: diamagnetic materials are repelled by a magnetic field ; an applied magnetic field creates an induced magnetic field in them in the opposite direction , causing a repulsive force . 
bastille :: the bastille ( ) was a fortress in paris , known formally as the bastille saint - antoine . 
machinima :: machinima ( or ) is the use of real - time computer graphics engines to create a cinematic production . 
fork :: a fork , in cutlery or kitchenware , is a tool consisting of a handle with several narrow tines on one end . 
hilderic :: hilderic ( 460s – 533 ) was the penultimate king of the vandals and alans in north africa in late antiquity ( 523–530 ) . 
cross-examination :: in law , cross - examination is the interrogation of a witness called by one 's opponent . 
soundgarden :: soundgarden is an american rock band formed in seattle , washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist chris cornell , lead guitarist kim thayil , and bassist hiro yamamoto . 
saladin :: an - nasir salah ad - din yusuf ibn ayyub ( / ala - lc : " ṣalāḥ ad - dīn yūsuf ibn ayyūb " ; / ala - lc : " selahedînê eyûbî " ) , known as salah ad - din or saladin (; 11374 march 1193 ) , was the first sultan of egypt and syria and the founder of the ayyubid dynasty . 
zaretan :: zaretan ( also known as zarethan or zeredathah ) is a city mentioned in the bible , as near the location where the hebrews crossed the jordan ( joshua 3:16 ) . 
tatooine :: tatooine is a fictional desert planet that appears in the " star wars " space opera franchise . 
posix :: the portable operating system interface ( posix ) is a family of standards specified by the ieee computer society for maintaining compatibility between operating systems . 
aner :: aner (; " ‘ ānêr ") refers , in the hebrew bible , to : 
retina :: the retina ( , , pl . 
belarusians :: belarusians ( , " bielarusy " , or byelorussians ( from the byelorussian ssr ) , are an east slavic ethnic group who are native to modern - day belarus and the immediate region . 
goldberry :: goldberry is a supporting character from j. r. r. tolkien 's " the lord of the rings " . 
tenor :: tenor is a type of classical male singing voice whose vocal range is between the countertenor and baritone voice types . 
utrecht :: utrecht (; ) is a dutch city and municipality , capital and most populous city of the province of utrecht . 
windhoek :: windhoek ( ; afrikaans : ; german : " " ; ; ) is the capital and largest city of the republic of namibia . 
shill :: a shill , also called a plant or a stooge , is a person who publicly helps or gives credibility to a person or organization without disclosing that they have a close relationship with the person or organization . 
building :: a building or edifice is a structure with a roof and walls standing more or less permanently in one place , such as a house or factory . 
colombia :: colombia ( or ; ) , officially the republic of colombia ( ) , is a sovereign state largely situated in the northwest of south america , with territories in central america . 
putrescine :: putrescine , or tetramethylenediamine , is a foul - smelling organic chemical compound nh(ch)nh ( 1,4-diaminobutane or butanediamine ) that is related to cadaverine ; both are produced by the breakdown of amino acids in living and dead organisms and both are toxic in large doses . 
pulse :: in medicine , a pulse represents the tactile arterial palpation of the heartbeat by trained fingertips . 
balderdash :: balderdash is a board game of bluffing and trivia created by laura robinson and paul toyne of toronto , ontario , canada . 
falcon :: falcons ( ) are birds of prey in the genus " falco " , which includes about 40 species . 
xfs :: xfs is a high - performance 64-bit journaling file system created by silicon graphics , inc ( sgi ) in 1993 . 
proteasome :: proteasomes are protein complexes which degrade unneeded or damaged proteins by proteolysis , a chemical reaction that breaks peptide bonds . 
fraud :: in law , fraud is deliberate deception to secure unfair or unlawful gain , or to deprive a victim of a legal right . 
retroposon :: retroposons are repetitive dna fragments which are inserted into chromosomes after they had been reverse transcribed from any rna molecule . 
anathema :: anathema , in common usage , is something or someone that is detested or shunned . 
analgesic :: an analgesic or painkiller is any member of the group of drugs used to achieve analgesia , relief from pain . 
steradian :: the steradian ( symbol : sr ) or square radian is the si unit of solid angle . 
dimona :: dimona ( ) is an israeli city in the negev desert , to the south of beersheba and west of the dead sea above the arava valley in the southern district of israel . 
limey :: limey is a predominantly north american slang nickname for the british people , originally referring to their sailors . 
kainite :: kainite ( kmg(so)cl·3ho ) is an evaporite mineral in the class of " sulfates ( selenates , etc . ) with additional anions , with ho " according to the nickel - strunz classification . 
mpeg-1 :: mpeg-1 is a standard for lossy compression of video and audio . 
syringomyelia :: syringomyelia is a generic term referring to a disorder in which a cyst or cavity forms within the spinal cord . 
meconium :: meconium is the earliest stool of a mammalian infant . 
permittivity :: in electromagnetism , permittivity or absolute permittivity , usually denoted by the greek letter ε ( epsilon ) , is the measure of resistance that is encountered when forming an electric field in a particular medium . 
mariculture :: mariculture is a specialized branch of aquaculture involving the cultivation of marine organisms for food and other products in the open ocean , an enclosed section of the ocean , or in tanks , ponds or raceways which are filled with seawater . 
haiti :: haiti (; ; ) , officially the republic of haiti (; ) and formerly called hayti , is a sovereign state located on the island of hispaniola in the greater antilles archipelago of the caribbean sea . 
locomotive :: a locomotive or engine is a rail transport vehicle that provides the motive power for a train . 
spellevator :: spellevator is an educational computer game for the apple ii computer , published by mecc ( now part of mattel 's the learning company ) . 
chiricahua :: chiricahua ( ) are a band of apache native americans , based in the southern plains and southwest united states . 
printmaking :: printmaking is the process of making artworks by printing , normally on paper . 
paclitaxel :: paclitaxel ( ptx ) , sold under the brand name taxol among others , is a chemotherapy medication used to treat a number of types of cancer . 
tiberias :: tiberias (; , " tveria " , ; , " ṭabariyyah " ) is an israeli city on the western shore of the sea of galilee . 
sloughi :: the sloughi is a north african breed of dog , specifically a member of the sighthound family . 
oenotropae :: in greek mythology , the oenotropae ( , " the women who change ( into ) wine " ) or oenotrophae ( , the " winegrowers " ) were the three daughters of anius . 
rybnik :: rybnik ( german : " rybnick " ) is a city in southwestern poland , in the silesian voivodeship . 
cello :: the cello ( ; plural cellos or celli ) or violoncello ( ; ) is a bowed , and sometimes plucked , string instrument with four strings tuned in perfect fifths . 
chilaquiles :: chilaquiles ( ) from the nahuatl word " chīlāquilitl " is a traditional mexican dish . 
snowball :: a snowball is a spherical object made from snow , usually created by scooping snow with the hands , and compacting it into a roughly fist - sized ball . 
wormhole :: a wormhole is a concept that represents a solution of the einstein field equations : a non - trivial structure linking separate points in spacetime . 
paraphilia :: paraphilia ( previously known as sexual perversion and sexual deviation ) is the experience of intense sexual arousal to atypical objects , situations , fantasies , behaviors , or individuals . 
dukkha :: dukkha ( pāli ; sanskrit : " duḥkha " ; tibetan : སྡུག་བསྔལ་ " sdug bsngal " , pr . " duk - ngel " ) is an important buddhist concept , commonly translated as " suffering " , " pain " or " unsatisfactoriness " . 
unavailability :: unavailability is the probability that an item will not operate correctly at a given time and under specified conditions . 
weatherization :: weatherization ( american english ) or weatherproofing ( british english ) is the practice of protecting a building and its interior from the elements , particularly from sunlight , precipitation , and wind , and of modifying a building to reduce energy consumption and optimize energy efficiency . 
population :: a population is all the organisms of the same group or species , which live in a particular geographical area , and have the capability of interbreeding . 
saracen :: saracen was a term widely used among christian writers in europe during the middle ages . 
macar :: macar ( μάκαρ ) or macareus ( μακαρεύς ) is the name of several individuals in greek mythology . 
manzanar :: manzanar is most widely known as the site of one of ten american concentration camps where over 110,000 japanese americans were forcibly removed ( incarcerated ) during world war ii from december 1942 to 1945 . 
aviation :: aviation is the practical aspect or art of aeronautics , being the design , development , production , operation and use of aircraft , especially heavier than air aircraft . 
dagger :: a dagger is a knife with a very sharp point and two or more sharp edges . 
aphrodite :: aphrodite ( ; " aphrodite " ) is the greek goddess of love , beauty , pleasure , and procreation . 
elm :: elms are deciduous and semi - deciduous trees comprising the flowering plant genus " ulmus " in the plant family ulmaceae . 
tailplane :: a tailplane , also known as a horizontal stabiliser , is a small lifting surface located on the tail ( empennage ) behind the main lifting surfaces of a fixed - wing aircraft as well as other non - fixed - wing aircraft such as helicopters and gyroplanes . 
chivalry :: chivalry , or the chivalric code , is an informal , varying code of conduct developed between 1170 and 1220 , never decided on or summarized in a single document , associated with the medieval institution of knighthood ; a knight 's and gentlewomen 's behavior was governed by chivalrous social codes . 
antenor :: antenor ( , " antḗnōr " ; ) was an athenian sculptor . 
easywriter :: easywriter was a word processor first written for the apple ii series computer in 1979 , the first word processor for that platform . 
sarkel :: sarkel ( or sharkil , literally " white house " in khazar language ) was a large limestone - and - brick fortress built by the khazars with byzantine assistance in the 830s . 
leinster :: leinster ( — — ) is one of the provinces of ireland situated in the east of ireland . 
otter :: otters are carnivorous mammals in the subfamily lutrinae . 
profession :: a profession is a vocation founded upon specialized educational training , the purpose of which is to supply disinterested objective counsel and service to others , for a direct and definite compensation , wholly apart from expectation of other business gain . 
brizo :: brizo ( greek : βριζώ ; derived from ancient greek word βρίζω meaning " to slumber " ) is an ancient greek goddess who was known as the protector of mariners , sailors , and fishermen . 
parnall :: parnall was a british aircraft manufacturer , that evolved from a wood - working company before the first world war to a significant designer of military and civil aircraft into the 1940s . 
angina :: angina , also known as angina pectoris , is chest pain or pressure , usually due to not enough blood flow to the heart muscle . 
emu :: the emu ( " dromaius novaehollandiae " ) is the second - largest living bird by height , after its ratite relative , the ostrich . 
rhubarb :: rhubarb ( " rheum rhabarbarum " ) is a species of plant in the family polygonaceae . 
spaceflight :: spaceflight ( also written space flight ) is ballistic flight into or through outer space . 
semi-continuity :: in mathematical analysis , semi - continuity ( or semicontinuity ) is a property of extended real - valued functions that is weaker than continuity . 
dysentery :: dysentery is a type of gastroenteritis that results in diarrhea with blood . 
typhales :: typhales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
coupling :: a coupling is a device used to connect two shafts together at their ends for the purpose of transmitting power . 
uniramia :: uniramia ( " uni " - one , " ramus " - branch , i.e. single - branches ) is a group within the arthropods . 
deianira :: deianira , deïanira , or deianeira (; , " dēiáneira " , or , " dēáneira " , ) , also known as dejanira , is a figure in greek mythology whose name translates as " man - destroyer " or " destroyer of her husband " . 
molokan :: a molokan ( or , " milk - drinker " ) is a member of various spiritual christian sects that evolved from eastern christianity in the east slavic lands . 
februus :: in ancient roman religion , februus , whose name means " purifier " , was the god of purification . 
hezbollah :: hezbollah ( pronounced ; ' , literally " party of allah " or " party of god")—also transliterated hizbullah , hizballah " ' , etc.—is a shi'a islamist political party and militant group based in lebanon . 
saxony-anhalt :: saxony - anhalt ( , ) is a landlocked federal state of germany surrounded by the federal states of lower saxony , brandenburg , saxony and thuringia . 
applet :: in computing , an applet is any small application that performs one specific task that runs within the scope of a dedicated widget engine or a larger program , often as a plug - in . 
microfluidics :: microfluidics deals with the behaviour , precise control and manipulation of fluids that are geometrically constrained to a small , typically sub - millimeter , scale . 
patagonia :: patagonia ( ) is a sparsely populated region located at the southern end of south america , shared by argentina and chile . 
allosaurus :: allosaurus ( ) is a genus of large theropod dinosaur that lived 155 to 150 million years ago during the late jurassic period ( kimmeridgian to early tithonian ) . 
pindar :: pindar (; " pindaros " , ; ) ( c. 522 – c. 443 bc ) was an ancient greek lyric poet from thebes . 
tages :: tages was a founding prophet of etruscan religion who is known from reports by latin authors of the late roman republic and roman empire . 
esbat :: an esbat is a coven meeting at a time other than one of the sabbats within wicca and other wiccan - influenced forms of contemporary paganism . 
chessboard :: a chessboard is the type of checkerboard used in the board game chess , consisting of 64 squares ( eight rows and eight columns ) . 
connecticut :: connecticut ( ) is the southernmost state in the new england region of the northeastern united states . 
traffic :: traffic on roads consists of " road users " including pedestrians , ridden or herded animals , vehicles , streetcars , buses and other conveyances , either singly or together , while using the public way for purposes of travel . 
phospholipid :: phospholipids are a class of lipids that are a major component of all cell membranes . 
tlaloc :: tlaloc ( ) was a member of the pantheon of gods in aztec religion . 
saturn :: saturn is the sixth planet from the sun and the second - largest in the solar system , after jupiter . 
averroes :: ibn rushd (; 14 april 1126 – 10 december 1198 ) , full name ( ) , often latinized as averroes ( ) , was a medieval andalusian polymath . 
titanium :: titanium is a chemical element with symbol ti and atomic number 22 . 
atë :: atë , até or aite ( or ; ) is the greek goddess of mischief , delusion , ruin , and folly . 
fluxus :: fluxus is an international and interdisciplinary group of artists , composers , designers and poets that took shape in the 1960s and 1970s . 
barbagia :: barbagia ( or ) is a mountain area of inner sardinia . 
myrtales :: the myrtales are an order of flowering plants placed as a sister to the eurosids ii clade as of the publishing of the " eucalyptus grandis " genome in june 2014 . 
ogonek :: the ogonek ( polish : , " little tail " , the diminutive of " ogon " ; , " nasal " ) is a diacritic hook placed under the lower right corner of a vowel in the latin alphabet used in several european languages , and directly under a vowel in several native american languages . 
waltz :: the waltz ( from german : ) is a ballroom and folk dance , normally in time , performed primarily in closed position . 
odyssey :: the odyssey (; " odýsseia " , in classical attic ) is one of two major ancient greek epic poems attributed to homer . 
mosfet :: the metal – oxide – semiconductor field - effect transistor ( mosfet , mos - fet , or mos fet ) is a type of field - effect transistor ( fet ) . 
płock :: płock ( ) is a city on the vistula river in central poland . 
flann :: flann is both an english surname and an irish masculine given name , but has also been used as a feminine given name . 
salerno :: salerno ( ) is a city and " comune " in campania ( south - western italy ) and is the capital of the province of the same name . 
ecuador :: ecuador ( , ) ( ) , officially the republic of ecuador ( , which literally translates as " republic of the equator " ; ) , is a representative democratic republic in northwestern south america , bordered by colombia on the north , peru on the east and south , and the pacific ocean to the west . 
gravity :: gravity , or gravitation , is a natural phenomenon by which all things with mass are brought toward ( or " gravitate " toward ) one another , including objects ranging from atoms and photons , to planets and stars . 
wodonga :: wodonga is a city on the victorian side of the border with new south wales , north - east of melbourne , australia . 
phencyclidine :: phencyclidine ( pcp ) , also known as angel dust among other names , is a dissociative drug . 
rocket :: a rocket ( from italian " rocchetto " " bobbin " ) is a missile , spacecraft , aircraft or other vehicle that obtains thrust from a rocket engine . 
dsc :: dsc is an initialism or abbreviation used in many fields : 
a :: a ( named , plural " as " , " a 's " , " a"s , " a 's " or " aes " ) is the first letter and the first vowel of the iso basic latin alphabet . 
pilus :: a pilus ( latin for ' hair ' ; plural : " pili " ) is a hair - like appendage found on the surface of many bacteria . 
intergovernmentalism :: in political science , intergovernmentalism treats states , and national governments in particular , as the primary actors in the integration process . 
demodulation :: demodulation is extracting the original information - bearing signal from a carrier wave . 
abacá :: abacá ( ; ) , binomial name musa textilis , is a species of banana native to the philippines , grown as a commercial crop in the philippines , ecuador , and costa rica . 
duma :: a duma ( дума ) is a russian assembly with advisory or legislative functions . 
gelert :: gelert is a legendary dog associated with the village of beddgelert ( whose name means " gelert 's grave " ) in gwynedd , north - west wales . 
reconquista :: the ( spanish and portuguese for the " reconquest " ) is the period in the history of the iberian peninsula in the about 780 years between the islamic conquest of hispania in 711 and the fall of the last islamic state in iberia at granada to the expanding christian kingdoms in 1492 . 
sweetbread :: sweetbread is a culinary name for the thymus ( also called throat , gullet , or neck sweetbread ) or the pancreas ( also called heart , stomach , or belly sweetbread ) , especially of calf ( " ris de veau " ) and lamb ( " ris d'agneau " ) , and , less commonly , of beef and pork . 
gill :: a gill ( ) is a respiratory organ found in many aquatic organisms that extracts dissolved oxygen from water and excretes carbon dioxide . 
pirelli :: pirelli & c. s.p . 
accountant :: an accountant is a practitioner of accounting or accountancy , which is the measurement , disclosure or provision of assurance about financial information that helps managers , investors , tax authorities and others make decisions about allocating resource(s ) . 
parsi :: parsi ( or parsee ) is one of two zoroastrian communities ( the other being iranis ) majorly located in india and few in pakistan . 
motet :: in western music , a motet is a mainly vocal musical composition , of highly varied form and style , from the late medieval era to the present . 
unrwa :: created in december 1949 , the united nations relief and works agency for palestine refugees in the near east ( unrwa ) is a relief and human development agency which supports more than 5 million registered palestinian refugees , and their descendants , who fled or were expelled from their homes during the 1948 palestine war as well as those who fled or were expelled during and following the 1967 six day war . 
cytochrome :: cytochromes are iron containing hemeproteins central to which are heme groups that are primarily responsible for the generation of atp via electron transport . 
alexandrine :: alexandrine is a name used for several distinct types of verse line with related metrical structures , most of which are ultimately derived from the classical french alexandrine . 
computing :: computing is any goal - oriented activity requiring , benefiting from , or creating a mathematical sequence of steps known as an algorithm — e.g. through computers . 
gwydion :: gwydion fab dôn ( ) is a magician , hero and trickster of welsh mythology , appearing most prominently in the fourth branch of the " mabinogi " , which focuses largely on his relationship with his young nephew , lleu llaw gyffes . 
cycl :: cycl in computer science and artificial intelligence is an ontology language used by doug lenat 's cyc artificial intelligence project . 
infrared :: infrared radiation , or simply infrared or ir , is electromagnetic radiation ( emr ) with longer wavelengths than those of visible light , and is therefore invisible , although it is sometimes loosely called infrared light . 
biostasis :: biostasis is the ability of an organism to tolerate environmental changes without having to actively adapt to them . 
oligarchy :: oligarchy (; ) is a form of power structure in which power rests with a small number of people . 
sequencing :: in genetics and biochemistry , sequencing means to determine the primary structure ( sometimes falsely called primary sequence ) of an unbranched biopolymer . sequencing results in a symbolic linear depiction known as a sequence which succinctly summarizes much of the atomic - level structure of the sequenced molecule . 
glastonbury :: glastonbury is a town and civil parish in somerset , england , situated at a dry point on the low - lying somerset levels , south of bristol . 
flanders :: flanders ( , , ) is the dutch - speaking northern portion of belgium , although there are several overlapping definitions , including ones related to culture , language , politics and history . 
non-return-to-zero :: in telecommunication , a non - return - to - zero ( nrz ) line code is a binary code in which ones are represented by one significant condition , usually a positive voltage , while zeros are represented by some other significant condition , usually a negative voltage , with no other neutral or rest condition . 
asti :: asti is a city and comune of 76 164 inhabitants ( 1 - 1 - 2017 ) located in the piedmont region of northwestern italy , about east of turin in the plain of the tanaro river . 
silphidae :: silphidae is a family of beetles that are known commonly as large carrion beetles , carrion beetles or burying beetles . 
heapsort :: in computer science , heapsort is a comparison - based sorting algorithm . 
widewuto :: widewuto ( also " viduutus " , " vidvutus " , " witowudi " , " waidewut " ) was a legendary king of the pagan prussians who ruled along with his elder brother , the high priest bruteno in the 6th century ad . 
donn :: in irish mythology , donn ( " the dark one " , from ) is a god of the dead and ancestor of the gaels . 
batasuna :: batasuna ( ) was a basque nationalist political party based mainly in spain that was banned in 2003 , after a strongly contested court ruling declared proven that the party was financing eta with public money . 
nymphaeales :: the nymphaeales are an order of flowering plants , consisting of three families of aquatic plants , the hydatellaceae , the cabombaceae , and the nymphaeaceae ( water lilies ) . 
amalric :: amalric or amalaric ( also americ , almerich , emeric , emerick and other variations ) is a personal name derived from the tribal name " amal " ( referring to the gothic amali ) and " ric " ( gothic " reiks " ) meaning " ruler , prince " . 
rotaxane :: a rotaxane is a mechanically interlocked molecular architecture consisting of a " dumbbell shaped molecule " which is threaded through a " macrocycle " ( see graphical representation ) . 
archimedes :: archimedes of syracuse (; ; ) was a greek mathematician , physicist , engineer , inventor , and astronomer . 
borvo :: in lusitanian and celtic polytheism , borvo ( also known variously as bormo , bormanus , bormanicus , borbanus , boruoboendua , vabusoa , labbonus or borus ) was the celtic god of minerals and healing deity associated with bubbling spring water . 
candaon :: in greek mythology , candaon is a rare name of uncertain meaning . 
prosthesis :: in medicine , a " prosthesis " ( plural : prostheses ; from ancient greek " prosthesis " , " addition , application , attachment " ) is an artificial device that replaces a missing body part , which may be lost through trauma , disease , or congenital conditions . 
timeline :: a timeline is a display of a list of events in chronological order . 
somaliland :: somaliland (; ' , ' ) , officially the republic of somaliland ( , " jumhūrīyat ṣūmālīlānd " ) , is a self - declared state internationally recognised as an autonomous region of somalia . 
bede :: bede ( ; ; 672/3 – 26 may 735 ) , also known as saint bede , venerable bede , and bede the venerable ( ) , was an english monk at the monastery of st. peter and its companion monastery of st. paul in the kingdom of northumbria of the angles ( contemporarily monkwearmouth – jarrow abbey in tyne and wear , england ) . 
lychee :: lychee ( variously spelled litchi , liechee , liche , lizhi or li zhi , or lichee ) ( " litchi chinensis " ; ) is the sole member of the genus " litchi " in the soapberry family , " sapindaceae " . 
ctenophora :: ctenophora (; singular ctenophore , or ; from the greek κτείς " kteis " ' comb ' and φέρω " pherō " ' carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of invertebrate animals that live in marine waters worldwide . 
polonium :: polonium is a chemical element with symbol po and atomic number 84 . 
oedipus :: oedipus ( or or ; " oidípous " meaning " swollen foot " ) was a mythical greek king of thebes . 
symbolics :: symbolics refers to two companies : now - defunct computer manufacturer symbolics , inc. , and a privately held company that acquired the assets of the former company and continues to sell and maintain the open genera lisp system and the macsyma computer algebra system . 
alpha :: alpha ( uppercase , lowercase ; , " álpha " , " álfa " ) is the first letter of the greek alphabet . 
lotus-eaters :: in greek mythology the lotus - eaters ( , " lōtophagoi " ) , also referred to as the lotophagi or lotophaguses ( singular " lotophagus " ) or lotophages ( singular " lotophage " ) , were a race of people living on an island dominated by lotus plants . 
atalanta :: atalanta (; " atalantē " ) is a character in greek mythology , a virgin huntress , unwilling to marry , and loved by the hero meleager . 
iacchus :: in ancient greek religion and mythology , iacchus ( also iacchos , iakchos ) ( ) was a minor deity , of some cultic importance , particularly at athens and eleusis in connection with the eleusinian mysteries , but without any significant mythology . 
gnu :: gnu is an operating system and an extensive collection of computer software . 
abolitionism :: abolitionism is a movement to end slavery , whether formal or informal . 
nürburgring :: nürburgring is a 150,000-capacity motorsports complex located in the town of nürburg , rhineland - palatinate , germany . 
hipponous :: in greek mythology , hipponous ( ἱππόνοος ) referred to several people : 
decius :: trajan decius (; c. 201june 251 ) was roman emperor from 249 to 251 . 
esperanto :: esperanto ( or ; in esperanto : ) is a constructed international auxiliary language . 
heimdallr :: in norse mythology , heimdallr is a god who possesses the resounding horn gjallarhorn , owns the golden - maned horse gulltoppr , has gold teeth , and is the son of nine mothers . 
thermophile :: a thermophile is an organism — a type of extremophile — that thrives at relatively high temperatures , between . 
throughput :: in general terms , throughput is the maximum rate of production or the maximum rate at which something can be processed . 
shang-chi :: shang - chi ( ) is a fictional character , often called the " master of kung fu " , appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
biopolymer :: biopolymers are polymers produced by living organisms ; in other words , they are polymeric biomolecules . 
tinia :: tinia ( also tin , tinh , tins or " tina " ) was the god of the sky and the highest god in etruscan mythology , equivalent to the roman jupiter and the greek zeus . 
astrolabe :: an astrolabe ( " astrolabos " ; " al - asturlāb " ) is an elaborate inclinometer , historically used by astronomers and navigators to measure the inclined position in the sky of a celestial body , day or night . 
moped :: a moped ( /ˈmoʊpɛd/ moh - ped ) is a small motorcycle , generally having a less stringent licensing requirement than motorcycles or automobiles because mopeds typically travel about the same speed as bicycles on public roadways . 
skylab :: skylab was the united states ' first and only space station , orbiting earth from 1973 to 1979 , when it fell back to earth amid huge worldwide media attention . 
leukemia :: leukemia , also spelled leukaemia , is a group of cancers that usually begin in the bone marrow and result in high numbers of abnormal white blood cells . 
dnix :: dnix ( original spelling : d - nix ) was a unix - like real - time operating system from the swedish company dataindustrier ab ( diab ) . 
elis :: elis or eleia ( greek , modern : ήλιδα " ilida " , ancient : " ēlis " ; doric : " alis " ; elean : " walis " , ethnonym : ϝαλειοι ) is an ancient district that corresponds to the modern elis regional unit . 
os/2 :: os/2 is a series of computer operating systems , initially created by microsoft and ibm under the leadership of ibm software designer ed iacobucci , who later went on to found citrix systems , dayjet and virtualworks . 
mathml :: mathematical markup language ( mathml ) is a mathematical markup language , an application of xml for describing mathematical notations and capturing both its structure and content . 
tort :: a tort , in common law jurisdictions , is a civil wrong that causes someone else to suffer loss or harm resulting in legal liability for the person who commits the tortious act . 
osteopathy :: osteopathy is a type of alternative medicine and pseudomedicine that emphasizes massage and other physical manipulation of muscle tissue and bones . 
hávamál :: hávamál ( ; " sayings of the high one " ; , ) is presented as a single poem in the codex regius , a collection of old norse poems from the viking age . 
neutrino :: a neutrino ( or ) ( denoted by the greek letter ν ) is a fermion ( an elementary particle with half - integer spin ) that interacts only via the weak subatomic force and gravity . 
gnucash :: gnucash is an accounting program that implements a double - entry bookkeeping system . 
hare :: hares and jackrabbits are leporids belonging to the genus " lepus " . 
bioprospecting :: bioprospecting is the process of discovery and commercialization of new products based on biological resources . 
opus :: opus is a latin word meaning " work . " 
tropics :: the tropics are a region of the earth surrounding the equator . 
euterpe :: in greek mythology , euterpe (; , , ; " rejoicing well " or " delight " from ancient greek εὖ ' well ' + τέρπειν " terpein " ' to please ' ) was one of the muses , the daughters of mnemosyne , fathered by zeus . 
raid :: raid ( redundant array of independent disks ) is a data storage virtualization technology that combines multiple physical disk drive components into a single logical unit for the purposes of data redundancy , performance improvement , or both . 
tributary :: a tributary or affluent is a stream or river that flows into a larger stream or main stem ( or parent ) river or a lake . 
dairy :: a dairy is a business enterprise established for the harvesting or processing ( or both ) of animal milk – mostly from cows or goats , but also from buffaloes , sheep , horses , or camels – for human consumption . 
slashdot :: slashdot ( sometimes abbreviated as /. 
may :: may is the fifth month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars and the third month to have the length of 31 days . 
onomatopoeia :: an onomatopoeia ( , ; from the greek ὀνοματοποιία ; ὄνομα for " name " and ποιέω for " i make " , adjectival form : " onomatopoeic " or " onomatopoetic " ) is a word that phonetically imitates , resembles or suggests the sound that it describes . 
asturias :: asturias (; ; ) , officially the principality of asturias (; ) , is an autonomous community in north - west spain . 
parachute :: a parachute is a device used to slow the motion of an object through an atmosphere by creating drag ( or in the case of ram - air parachutes , aerodynamic lift ) . 
gif :: the graphics interchange format ( better known by its acronym gif or ) is a bitmap image format that was developed by american computer scientist steve wilhite while working at the bulletin board service ( bbs ) provider compuserve on june 15 , 1987 . 
glendale :: glendale is the anglicised version of the gaelic gleann dail , which means " valley of fertile , low - lying arable land " ; the name originated in scotland . 
otaniemi :: otaniemi ( finnish ) , or otnäs ( swedish ) , is a district of espoo , finland . 
cofinality :: in mathematics , especially in order theory , the cofinality cf("a " ) of a partially ordered set " a " is the least of the cardinalities of the cofinal subsets of " a " . 
polyphemus :: polyphemus (; " polyphēmos " ) is the giant son of poseidon and thoosa in greek mythology , one of the cyclopes described in homer 's " odyssey " . 
cyprus :: cyprus , officially the republic of cyprus , is an island country in the eastern mediterranean and the third largest and third most populous island in the mediterranean . 
oread :: in greek mythology , an oread or ( stem ὀρειάδ- " oreas / oread- " , from ὄρος , " mountain " ) or orestiad or ( όρεστιάδες , " orestiades " ) is a mountain nymph . 
kuleshov :: kuleshov ( ) and kuleshova (; feminine ) is a common russian surname that traces its origins to ukraine people with this surname include : 
trabzon :: trabzon ( ) , historically known as trebizond ( in ancient greek : τραπεζοῦς " trapezous " ) is a city on the black sea coast of northeastern turkey and the capital of trabzon province . 
guernica :: guernica ( ) , official and basque name gernika , is a town in the province of biscay , in the autonomous community of the basque country , spain . 
totnes :: totnes ( or ) is a market town and civil parish at the head of the estuary of the river dart in devon , england within the south devon area of outstanding natural beauty . 
deprogramming :: deprogramming refers to measures that claim to assist a person who holds a controversial belief system in changing those beliefs and abandon allegiance to the religious , political , economic , or social group associated with the belief system . 
galilee :: galilee ( , transliteration " hagalil " ) ; , translit . " al - jalīl " ) is a region in northern israel . 
shah :: shah (; , pronounced , " king " ) is a title given to the emperors , kings , princes and lords of iran ( historically also known as persia ) . 
crew :: a crew is a body or a class of people who work at a common activity , generally in a structured or hierarchical organization . 
anjou :: anjou (; ) is a historical province of france straddling the lower loire river . 
oceanus :: oceanus (; " ōkeanós " , ) , also known as ogenus ( " ogenos " , ωγηνος ) or ogen ( ωγην ) , was a divine figure in classical antiquity , believed by the ancient greeks and romans to be the divine personification of the sea , an enormous river encircling the world . 
strabo :: strabo (; " strábōn " ; 64 or 63 bc ad 24 ) was a greek geographer , philosopher , and historian who lived in asia minor during the transitional period of the roman republic into the roman empire . 
cenovis :: cenovis is a product based on yeast extract that is similar to marmite and vegemite , rich in vitamin b. in the form of a dark brown food paste , it is used to flavour soups , sausages and salads . 
bestiary :: a bestiary , or bestiarum vocabulum , is a compendium of beasts . originating in the ancient world 
neuromancer :: neuromancer is a 1984 science fiction novel by american - canadian writer william gibson . 
makefile :: a makefile is a file containing a set of directives used with the make build automation tool . 
olympiodorus :: there are several late - roman figures named olympiodorus : 
hypnotherapy :: hypnotherapy is type of complementary and alternative medicine in which the imagination is used in an attempt to help with a variety problems , such as breaking bad habits or coping with stress . 
sthenelus :: in greek mythology , sthenelus ( , " sthenelos , " " strong one " or " forcer " , derived from " sthenos " " strength , might , force " ) was a name attributed to several different individuals : 
murcia :: murcia ( or , ) is a city in south - eastern spain , the capital and most populous city of the autonomous community of the region of murcia , and the seventh largest city in the country , with a population of 442,573 inhabitants in 2009 ( about one third of the total population of the region ) . 
ubiquitin :: ubiquitin is a small ( 8.5 kda ) regulatory protein found in most tissues of eukaryotic organisms i.e. it occurs " ubiquitously " . 
podarces :: in greek mythology , podarces ( ) was a son of iphicles and brother of protesilaus . 
tengwar :: the tengwar are an artificial script created by j. r. r. tolkien . 
chmod :: in unix - like operating systems , is the command and system call which may change the access permissions to file system objects ( files and directories ) . 
centrarchidae :: the sunfish are a family ( centrarchidae ) of freshwater ray - finned fish belonging to the order perciformes . 
connectedness :: in mathematics , connectedness is used to refer to various properties meaning , in some sense , " all one piece " . 
vacuole :: a vacuole ( ) is a membrane - bound organelle which is present in all plant and fungal cells and some protist , animal and bacterial cells . 
otterlo :: otterlo ( municipality of ede ) is a small village in the province of gelderland in the netherlands , in or near the nationaal park de hoge veluwe . 
massage :: massage involves working and acting on the body with pressure . 
cyberspace :: cyberspace is our interconnected technology . 
arecaceae :: the arecaceae are a botanical family of perennial climbers , shrubs , acaules and trees commonly known as palm trees ( owing to historical usage , the family is alternatively called palmae ) . 
pinochle :: pinochle ( ) or binocle ( sometimes pinocle , or penuchle ) is a trick - taking card game typically for two to four players and played with a 48-card deck . 
rosidae :: under the international code of nomenclature for algae , fungi , and plants ( icn ) , rosidae is a botanical name at the rank of subclass . 
arity :: in logic , mathematics , and computer science , the arity of a function or operation is the number of arguments or operands that the function takes . 
lawrenceville :: lawrenceville is the name of several places : 
dardanus :: in greek mythology , dardanus (; greek : δάρδανος ) was a son of zeus ( in illyrius ) and electra ( daughter of atlas ) and founder of the city of dardanus at the foot of mount ida in the troad . 
pharmacology :: pharmacology is the branch of biology concerned with the study of drug action , where a drug can be broadly defined as any man - made , natural , or endogenous ( from within body ) molecule which exerts a biochemical or physiological effect on the cell , tissue , organ , or organism ( sometimes the word pharmacon is used as a term to encompass these endogenous and exogenous bioactive species ) . 
gunderic :: gunderic (; 379–428 ) , king of hasding vandals ( 407 - 418 ) , then king of vandals and alans ( 418–428 ) , led the hasding vandals , a germanic tribe originally residing near the oder river , to take part in the barbarian invasions of the western roman empire in the fifth century . 
decsystem-20 :: the decsystem-20 was a 36-bit digital equipment corporation pdp-10 mainframe computer running the tops-20 operating system ( products introduced in 1977 ) . 
hypertalk :: hypertalk is a high - level , procedural programming language created in 1987 by dan winkler and used in conjunction with apple computer 's hypercard hypermedia program by bill atkinson . 
photosynthesis :: photosynthesis is a process used by plants and other organisms to convert light energy into chemical energy that can later be released to fuel the organisms ' activities ( energy transformation ) . 
sucrose :: sucrose is common table sugar . 
leiden :: leiden (; ; in english and archaic dutch also leyden ) is a city and municipality in the dutch province of south holland . 
thymine :: thymine ( t , thy ) is one of the four nucleobases in the nucleic acid of dna that are represented by the letters g – c– 
ophioglossum :: ophioglossum , the adder's - tongue ferns , is a genus of about 25–30 species of ferns in the family ophioglossaceae , of the order ophioglossales . 
call-second :: in telecommunication , a call - second is a unit used to measure communications traffic density . " 
ziggurat :: a ziggurat ( ; akkadian : ' , d - stem of ' " to build on a raised area " ) is a massive structure built in ancient mesopotamia . 
rahab :: rahab , (; ) was , according to the book of joshua , a prostitute who lived in jericho in the promised land and assisted the israelites in capturing the city . 
michif :: michif ( also mitchif , mechif , michif - cree , métif , métchif , french cree ) is the language of the métis people of canada and the united states , who are the descendants of first nations women ( mainly cree , nakota and ojibwe ) and fur trade workers of european ancestry ( mainly french and scottish canadians ) . 
harran :: harran ( , , ) was a major ancient city in upper mesopotamia whose site is near the modern village of altınbaşak , turkey , 44 kilometers southeast of şanlıurfa . 
bydgoszcz :: bydgoszcz ( , , ) is a city in northern poland , on the brda and vistula rivers . 
engrish :: engrish (; " ingurisshu " , ) is a slang term for the misuse or corruption of the english language by native speakers of asian languages . 
liechtenstein :: liechtenstein (; ; ) , officially the principality of liechtenstein ( ) , is a doubly landlocked german - speaking microstate in central europe . 
airliner :: an airliner is a type of aircraft for transporting passengers and air cargo . 
multimeter :: a multimeter or a multitester , also known as a vom ( volt - ohm - milliammeter ) , is an electronic measuring instrument that combines several measurement functions in one unit . 
polyurethane :: [ [ file : polyurethane.png|thumb|right|360px|polyurethane synthesis , wherein the urethane groups –nh–(c = o)–o– link the molecular units . 
rhombicuboctahedron :: in geometry , the rhombicuboctahedron , or small rhombicuboctahedron , is an archimedean solid with eight triangular and eighteen square faces . 
seabee :: united states naval construction battalions , better known as the seabees , form the naval construction force of the united states navy . 
dryope :: in greek mythology , 
peor :: peor can mean : 
metacomco :: metacomco ( mcc ) was a computer systems software company started in 1981 and based in bristol , england by peter mackeonis and derek budge . 
montreux :: montreux ( ) is a municipality in the district of riviera - pays - d'enhaut in the canton of vaud in switzerland . 
wilco :: wilco is an american alternative rock band based in chicago , illinois . 
freecell :: freecell is a solitaire - based card game played with a 52-card standard deck . 
stoma :: in botany , a stoma ( plural " stomata " ) , also called a stomate ( plural " stomates " ) ( from greek στόμα , " mouth " ) , is a pore , found in the epidermis of leaves , stems , and other organs , that facilitates gas exchange . 
calf :: a calf ( plural , calves ) is the young of domestic cattle . 
scorpio :: scorpio is the latin word for scorpion . 
soap :: in chemistry , a soap is a salt of a fatty acid . 
rosmalen :: rosmalen ( ) is a town in the province of north brabant , in the south of the netherlands . 
antianginal :: an antianginal is any drug used in the treatment of " angina pectoris " , a symptom of ischaemic heart disease . 
venn :: venn is the surname of : 
larynx :: the larynx (; plural larynges ; from the greek λάρυγξ " lárynx " ) , commonly called the voice box , is an organ in the neck of tetrapods involved in breathing , sound production , and protecting the trachea against food aspiration . 
drosophila :: drosophila ( ) is a genus of flies , belonging to the family drosophilidae , whose members are often called " small fruit flies " or ( less frequently ) pomace flies , vinegar flies , or wine flies , a reference to the characteristic of many species to linger around overripe or rotting fruit . 
mali :: mali (; ) , officially the republic of mali ( ) , is a landlocked country in west africa , a region geologically identified with the west african craton . 
lityerses :: in greek mythology , lityerses ( λιτυέρσης ) was an illegitimate son of midas ( or of comis ) dwelling in celaenae , phrygia . 
hera :: hera ( , ; " hērā " , equivalently " hērē " , in ionic and homer ) is the goddess of women and marriage in greek mythology and religion . 
bean :: a bean is a seed of one of several genera of the flowering plant family fabaceae , which are used for human or animal food . 
glorfindel :: glorfindel ( ) is a fictional character in j.r.r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
capoeira :: capoeira ( ) is an afro - brazilian martial art that combines elements of dance , acrobatics and music . 
thiamine :: thiamine , also known as thiamin or vitamin b , is a vitamin found in food and used as a dietary supplement . 
gironde :: gironde (; in occitan " gironda " ) is a department in the nouvelle - aquitaine region of southwest france . 
eurowordnet :: eurowordnet is a system of semantic networks for european languages , based on wordnet . 
magnetohydrodynamics :: magnetohydrodynamics ( mhd ; also magneto - fluid dynamics or hydro­magnetics ) is the study of the magnetic properties of electrically conducting fluids . 
tory :: a tory ( ) holds a political philosophy ( toryism ) based on a british version of traditionalism and conservatism , which upholds the supremacy of social order as it has evolved throughout history . 
skunk :: skunks are mammals known for their ability to spray a liquid with a strong unpleasant smell . 
placentalia :: placentalia ( " placentals " ) is one of the three extant subdivisions of the class of animals mammalia ; the other two are monotremata and marsupialia . 
obfuscation :: obfuscation is the obscuring of the intended meaning of communication by making the message difficult to understand , usually with confusing and ambiguous language . 
electrum :: electrum is a naturally occurring alloy of gold and silver , with trace amounts of copper and other metals . 
nosferatu :: stoker 's heirs sued over the adaptation , and a court ruling ordered that all copies of the film be destroyed . 
sestina :: a sestina ( old occitan : " cledisat " ; also known as " sestine " , " sextine " , " sextain " ) is a fixed verse form consisting of six stanzas of six lines each , normally followed by a three - line envoi . 
aachen :: aachen ( ) or bad aachen , french and traditional english : aix - la - chapelle ( ) , is a spa and border city in north rhine - westphalia , germany . 
radom :: radom (; " rodem " ) is a city in east - central poland with 219,703 inhabitants ( 2013 ) . 
greenville :: greenville is the name of several places : 
dyfed :: dyfed ( ) is a preserved county of wales . 
superconductivity :: superconductivity is a phenomenon of exactly zero electrical resistance and expulsion of magnetic flux fields occurring in certain materials , called superconductors , when cooled below a characteristic critical temperature . 
vervactor :: in roman mythology , vervactor was the deity of ploughing fallow land . 
epopeus :: in greek mythology , epopeus (; ' all - seer ' , derived from " epopao " " to look out " , " observe " , from " epi " " over " and " ops " " eye " ) was the name of the following figures : 
cologne :: cologne (; , , ) is the largest city in the german federal state of north rhine - westphalia and the fourth populated city in germany ( after berlin , hamburg , and munich ) . 
faq :: frequently asked questions ( faq ) or questions and answers ( q&a ) , are listed questions and answers , all supposed to be commonly asked in some context , and pertaining to a particular topic . 
triopas :: in greek mythology , triopas or triops or ( , gen . : 
yogi :: a yogi ( sometimes spelled jogi ) is a practitioner of yoga . 
icosidodecahedron :: in geometry , an icosidodecahedron is a polyhedron with twenty triangular faces and twelve pentagonal faces . 
echolocation :: echolocation is the use of " sound " as a form of navigation 
agonglo :: agonglo was a king of the kingdom of dahomey , in present - day benin , from 1789 until 1797 . 
nuoro :: nuoro ( ; ) is a city and " comune " ( municipality ) in central - eastern sardinia , italy , situated on the slopes of the monte ortobene . 
acetonitrile :: acetonitrile is the chemical compound with the formula . 
claw :: a claw is a curved , pointed appendage , found at the end of a toe or finger in most amniotes ( mammals , reptiles , birds ) . 
labrador :: labrador is the continental part of the canadian province of newfoundland and labrador . 
alastor :: alastor (; ancient greek : ἀλάστωρ , english translation : " avenger " ) refers to a number of people and concepts in greek mythology : 
latinus :: latinus (; ) was a figure in both greek and roman mythology . 
register :: a register is an authoritative list of one kind of information . 
post-rock :: post - rock is a form of experimental rock characterized by the influence and use of instruments commonly associated with rock music , but using rhythms and " guitars as facilitators of timbre and textures " not traditionally found in rock . 
mataró :: mataró ( ) is the capital and largest town of the " comarca " of the maresme , in the province of barcelona , catalonia autonomous community , spain . 
gavinus :: saint gavinus ( ) is a christian saint who is greatly celebrated in sardinia , italy , as one of the martyrs of torres ( ) , along with his companions ss protus and januarius . 
chojnów :: chojnów ( ) is a small town in legnica county , lower silesian voivodeship , in south - western poland . 
rectifier :: a rectifier is an electrical device that converts alternating current ( ac ) , which periodically reverses direction , to direct current ( dc ) , which flows in only one direction . 
althaemenes :: in greek mythology , althaemenes or althemenes ( ancient greek : ἀλθαιμένης ) was the only son of catreus , king of crete , and the brother of apemosyne , aerope and clymene . 
bethel :: bethel ( ugaritic : " bt il " , meaning " house of el " or " house of god " , , also transliterated beth el , beth - el , or beit el ; ; ) was a border city described in the hebrew bible as being located between benjamin and ephraim and also a location named by jacob . 
muon :: the muon (; from the greek letter mu ( μ ) used to represent it ) is an elementary particle similar to the electron , with an electric charge of −1 " e " and a spin of , but with a much greater mass . 
halotolerance :: halotolerance is the adaptation of living organisms to conditions of high salinity . 
sesame :: sesame (; " sesamum indicum " ) is a flowering plant in the genus " sesamum " , also called " benne " . 
catreus :: in greek mythology , catreus ( " katreus , " english translation : " down - flowing " ) was a king of crete and a son of minos and pasiphaë . 
treebeard :: treebeard ( sindarin : " fangorn " ) is a fictional character from j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth fantasy writings . 
adonikam :: adonikam is a biblical figure , one of those " which came with zerubbabel " ( ) . 
sanction :: a sanction may be either a permission or a restriction , depending upon context , as the word is an auto - antonym . 
finlandization :: finlandization (; ; ) is the process by which one powerful country makes a smaller neighboring country abide by the former 's foreign policy rules , while allowing it to keep its nominal independence and its own political system . 
radionuclide :: a radionuclide ( radioactive nuclide , radioisotope or radioactive isotope ) is an atom that has excess nuclear energy , making it unstable . 
y :: y ( named " wye " , plural " wyes " ) is the 25th and penultimate letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
pudicitia :: pudicitia ( " modesty " or " sexual virtue " ) was a central concept in ancient roman sexual ethics . 
crucifixion :: crucifixion is a method of capital punishment in which the victim is tied , nailed , or otherwise attached to a large wooden beam and left to hang for several days until eventual death from exhaustion and asphyxiation . 
adrasteia :: in greek mythology , adrasteia (; greek : ἀδράστεια ( ionic greek : ἀδρήστεια ) , " inescapable " ; also spelled adrastia , adrastea , adrestea , adastreia ) was a nymph who was charged by rhea with nurturing the infant zeus , in secret in the dictaean cave , to protect him from his father cronus . 
fide :: the fédération internationale des échecs or world chess federation is an international organization that connects the various national chess federations around the world and acts as the governing body of international chess competition . 
health :: health is the level of functional and metabolic efficiency of a living organism . 
gamecube :: the gamecube is a home video game console released by nintendo in japan on september 14 , 2001 ; in north america on november 18 , 2001 ; in europe on may 3 , 2002 ; and in australia on may 17 , 2002 . 
hildisvíni :: hildisvíni ( “ battle swine ” ) is freyja 's boar in norse mythology . 
the :: the is a grammatical article in english , denoting person(s ) or thing(s ) already mentioned , under discussion , implied , or otherwise presumed familiar to listeners or readers . 
uzbeks :: the uzbeks ( " oʻzbek/ўзбек " , pl . " oʻzbeklar/ўзбеклар " ) are a turkic ethnic group ; the largest turkic ethnic group in central asia . 
kannada :: kannada (; ) , also known as canarese or kanarese , is a dravidian language spoken predominantly by kannada people in india , mainly in the state of karnataka , and by significant linguistic minorities in the states of andhra pradesh , telangana , tamil nadu , maharashtra , kerala , goa and abroad . 
saxhorn :: the saxhorn is a family of valved brass instruments that have conical bores and deep cup - shaped mouthpieces . 
sporangium :: a sporangium ( pl . , sporangia ) ( modern latin , from greek " σπόρος ( sporos ) " ‘ spore’ + " αγγείον ( angeion ) " ‘ 
phoroneus :: in greek mythology , phoroneus ( φορωνεύς ) was a culture - hero of the argolid , fire - bringer , primordial king of argos and son of the river god inachus and either melia , the oceanid or argia , the embodiment of the argolid itself : " inachus , son of oceanus , begat phoroneus by his sister argia , " wrote hyginus , in " fabulae " 143 . 
sleep :: sleep is a naturally recurring state of mind and body , characterized by altered consciousness , relatively inhibited sensory activity , inhibition of nearly all voluntary muscles , and reduced interactions with surroundings . 
arctic :: the arctic ( or ) is a polar region located at the northernmost part of earth . 
electronics :: electronics is the science of controlling electrical energy electrically , in which the electrons have a fundamental role . 
leucippe :: in greek mythology , leucippe ( , " white horse " ) is the name of the following individuals : 
ripeness :: in united states law , ripeness refers to the readiness of a case for litigation ; " a claim is not ripe for adjudication if it rests upon contingent future events that may not occur as anticipated , or indeed may not occur at all . " 
texaco :: texaco , inc. ( " " the texas company " " ) is an american oil subsidiary of chevron corporation . 
bessarabia :: bessarabia (; , " bessarabiya " ; ; " , bessarabiya " ; " besarabiya " ) is a historical region in eastern europe , bounded by the dniester river on the east and the prut river on the west . 
satanism :: satanism is a group of ideological and philosophical beliefs based on satan . 
geirröd :: in norse mythology , geirröd was a jötunn and the father of the giantesses gjálp and greip . 
perch :: perch is a common name for fish of the genus perca , freshwater gamefish belonging to the family percidae . 
phonograph :: the phonograph is a device , invented in 1877 , for the mechanical recording and reproduction of sound . 
poltergeist :: in folklore and parapsychology , 
ribosome :: the ribosome ( ) is a complex molecular machine , found within all living cells , that serves as the site of biological protein synthesis ( translation ) . 
phidias :: phidias or pheidias (; , " pheidias " ; c. 480 – 430 bc ) was a greek sculptor , painter , and architect . 
aberdare :: aberdare ( ; ) is a town in the cynon valley area of rhondda cynon taf , wales , at the confluence of the rivers dare ( dâr ) and cynon . 
amposta :: amposta is the capital of the " comarca " of montsià , in the province of tarragona , catalonia , spain , one hundred km south of barcelona on the mediterranean coast . 
amram :: in the book of exodus , amram ( ; ) is the husband of jochebed and father of aaron , moses and miriam . 
metamorphosis :: metamorphosis is a biological process by which an animal physically develops after birth or hatching , involving a conspicuous and relatively abrupt change in the animal 's body structure through cell growth and differentiation . 
lysosome :: a lysosome is a membrane - bound organelle found in nearly all animal cells . 
cist :: a cist ( or ; also kist ; from or germanic " kiste " ) is a small stone - built coffin - like box or ossuary used to hold the bodies of the dead . 
bzip2 :: bzip2 is a free and open - source file compression program that uses the burrows – wheeler algorithm . 
almogavars :: almogavars ( , , and ) is the name of a class of soldier from many christian iberian kingdoms in the later phases of the reconquista , during the 13th and 14th centuries . 
artillery :: artillery is a class of large military weapons built to fire munitions far beyond the range and power of infantry 's small arms . 
sécurité :: when a marine radio transmission begins with the phrase " sécurité , sécurité , sécurité " (; french : " sécurité " ) , it means that what follows is important safety information . 
ski :: a ski is a narrow strip of semi - rigid material worn underfoot to glide over snow . 
mountain :: a mountain is a large landform that stretches above the surrounding land in a limited area , usually in the form of a peak . 
telemachus :: telemachus ( ; , " tēlemakhos " , literally " far - fighter " ) is a figure in greek mythology , the son of odysseus and penelope , and a central character in homer 's " odyssey " . 
parenting :: parenting or child rearing is the process of promoting and supporting the physical , emotional , social , and intellectual development of a child from infancy to adulthood . 
melitta :: melitta ( ) is a germany - based company selling coffee , paper coffee filters , and coffee makers , part of the melitta group , which also has melitta branches in other countries world - wide . 
nature :: nature , in the broadest sense , is the natural , physical , or material world or universe . 
santiago :: santiago de chile ( ) , or simply santiago , is the capital and largest city of chile as well as one of the largest cities in the americas . 
rán :: in norse mythology , rán ( old norse perhaps " robber " ) is a goddess associated with the sea . 
dorking :: dorking is a market town in surrey , england between ranmore common in the north downs range of hills and leith hill in the greensand ridge , centred from london . 
palamós :: palamós ( ) is a town and municipality in the mediterranean costa brava , located in the " comarca " of baix empordà , in the province of girona , catalonia , spain . 
endosymbiont :: an endosymbiont or endobiont is any organism that lives to mutual benefit within the body or cells of another organism , i.e. in an endosymbiosis ( greek : ἔνδον " endon " " within " , σύν " syn " " together " and βίωσις " biosis " " living " ) . 
cube :: in geometry , a cube is a three - dimensional solid object bounded by six square faces , facets or sides , with three meeting at each vertex . 
ecliptic :: the ecliptic is the circular path on the celestial sphere that the sun appears to follow over the course of a year ; it is the basis of the ecliptic coordinate system . 
mantius :: in greek mythology , mantius was the son of melampus and iphianassa and the father of cleitus , polypheides and , in some versions , of oicles . 
harlem :: harlem is a large neighborhood in the northern section of the new york city borough of manhattan . 
tishbite :: tishbite is a demonym predicated of the prophet elijah in the hebrew bible ( , , and ) . 
banksia :: banksia is a genus of around 170 species in the plant family proteaceae . 
lobbying :: lobbying , persuasion , or interest representation is the act of attempting to influence the actions , policies , or decisions of officials in their daily life , most often legislators or members of regulatory agencies . 
dbrn :: the symbol dbrn or db(rn ) is an abbreviation for decibels above reference noise . 
vodka :: vodka ( from , ) is a distilled beverage composed primarily of water and ethanol , sometimes with traces of impurities and flavorings . 
palindrome :: a palindrome is a word , phrase , number , or other sequence of characters which reads the same backward as forward , such as " madam " or " racecar " . 
pleochroism :: pleochroism is an optical phenomenon in which a substance has different colors when observed at different angles , especially with polarized light . 
bukhara :: bukhara (; ; ) is one of the cities ( viloyat ) of uzbekistan . 
chaosnet :: chaosnet was first developed by thomas knight and jack holloway at mit 's ai lab in 1975 and thereafter . 
bendigo :: bendigo is a city in victoria , australia , located very close to the geographical centre of the state and approximately north west of the state capital , melbourne . 
transphobia :: transphobia is a range of negative attitudes , feelings or actions toward transgender or transsexual people , or toward transsexuality . 
obotrites :: the obotrites ( ) or obodrites ( meaning : at the waters ) , also spelled abodrites ( ) , were a confederation of medieval west slavic tribes within the territory of modern mecklenburg and holstein in northern germany ( see polabian slavs ) . 
stuttering :: stuttering , also known as stammering , is a speech disorder in which the flow of speech is disrupted by involuntary repetitions and prolongations of sounds , syllables , words or phrases as well as involuntary silent pauses or blocks in which the person who stutters is unable to produce sounds . 
lagos :: lagos initially emerged as a port city which originated on a collection of islands , which are contained in the present day local government areas ( lgas ) of lagos island , eti - osa , amuwo - odofin and apapa ; the islands are separated by creeks , fringing the southwest mouth of lagos lagoon , while protected from the atlantic ocean by barrier islands and long sand spits such as bar beach , which stretch up to east and west of the mouth . 
calendula :: calendula ( ) , is a genus of about 15–20 species of annual and perennial herbaceous plants in the daisy family asteraceae that are often known as marigolds . 
andorra :: andorra (; , ) , officially the principality of andorra ( ) , also called the principality of the valleys of andorra ( ) , is a sovereign landlocked microstate in southwestern europe , located in the eastern pyrenees mountains and bordered by france in the north , and spain ( including the unrecognised catalan republic ) in the south . 
sharp-p :: in computational complexity theory , the complexity class # p ( pronounced " number p " or , sometimes " sharp p " or " hash p " ) is the set of the counting problems associated with the decision problems in the set np . 
avro :: avro was a british aircraft manufacturer founded in 1910 whose designs include the avro 504 used as a trainer in the first world war , the avro lancaster , one of the pre - eminent bombers of the second world war , and the delta wing avro vulcan , a stalwart of the cold war . 
auster :: auster aircraft limited was a british aircraft manufacturer from 1938 to 1961 . 
finch :: the true finches are small to medium - sized passerine birds in the family fringillidae . 
kingfisher :: kingfishers or alcedinidae are a family of small to medium - sized , brightly colored birds in the order coraciiformes . 
anarchism :: anarchism is a political philosophy that advocates self - governed societies based on voluntary institutions . 
threads :: threads is a 1984 british television drama jointly produced by the bbc , nine network and western - world television inc. written by barry hines and directed by mick jackson , it is a docudrama account of nuclear war and its effects on the city of sheffield in northern england . 
yukon :: yukon (; ; also commonly called the yukon ) is the smallest and westernmost of canada 's three federal territories ( the other two are the northwest territories and nunavut ) . 
paralysis :: paralysis is a loss of muscle function for one or more muscles . 
hercules :: hercules is a roman hero and god . 
cretinism :: cretinism is a condition of severely stunted physical and mental growth owing to untreated congenital deficiency of thyroid hormone ( congenital hypothyroidism ) usually owing to maternal hypothyroidism . 
croats :: croats (; , ) are a nation and south slavic ethnic group located at the crossroads of central europe and the balkans . 
volvo :: the volvo group (; legally aktiebolaget volvo , shortened to ab volvo ) ( stylized as volvo ) is a swedish multinational manufacturing company headquartered in gothenburg . 
equidae :: equidae ( sometimes known as the horse family ) is the taxonomic family of horses and related animals , including the extant horses , donkeys , and zebras , and many other species known only from fossils . 
catalase :: catalase is a common enzyme found in nearly all living organisms exposed to oxygen ( such as bacteria , plants , and animals ) . 
halogen :: the halogens ( ) are a group in the periodic table consisting of five chemically related elements : fluorine ( f ) , chlorine ( cl ) , bromine ( br ) , iodine ( i ) , and astatine ( at ) . 
chicano :: chicano or chicana ( also spelled xicano or xicana ) is a chosen identity of some mexican americans in the united states . 
intifada :: intifada ( " ") is an arabic word literally meaning , as a noun , " tremor " , " shivering " , " shuddering " . 
climbing :: climbing is the activity of using one 's hands , feet , or any other part of the body to ascend a steep object . 
zooplankton :: zooplankton ( pronounced in several different ways , including or . ) 
andraste :: andraste , also known as andrasta or andred , was , according to the roman historian dio cassius , an icenic war goddess invoked by boudica in her fight against the roman occupation of britain in ad 60 . 
chloride :: the chloride ion is the anion ( negatively charged ion ) cl . 
zoutpansberg :: zoutpansberg was the north - eastern division of the transvaal , south africa . 
sisera :: sisera ( hebrew : סִיסְרָא " sîsərā " ) was commander of the canaanite army of king jabin of hazor , who is mentioned in of the hebrew bible . 
helium-3 :: helium-3 ( he-3 , also written as he , see also helion ) is a light , non - radioactive isotope of helium with two protons and one neutron ( common helium having two neutrons ) . 
anti-psychiatry :: anti - psychiatry is a movement based on the view that psychiatric treatment is often more damaging than helpful to patients . 
silenus :: in greek mythology , silenus (; greek : σειληνός " seilēnos " ) was a companion and tutor to the wine god dionysus . 
basra :: basra ( " al - baṣrah " ) , is an iraqi city located on the shatt al - arab between kuwait and iran . 
polymer :: a polymer (; greek " poly- " , " many " + " -mer " , " parts " ) is a large molecule , or macromolecule , composed of many repeated subunits . 
worldcon :: worldcon , or more formally the world science fiction convention , the annual convention of the world science fiction society ( wsfs ) , is a science fiction convention . 
ode :: an ode ( from ) is a type of lyrical stanza . 
celts :: the celts ( or , see pronunciation of " celt " for different usages ) were an indo - european people in iron age and medieval europe who spoke celtic languages and had cultural similarities , although the relationship between ethnic , linguistic and cultural factors in the celtic world remains uncertain and controversial . 
niðavellir :: in norse mythology , niðavellir ( anglicized as nidavellir , " dark fields " ) , also called myrkheim ( " myrkheimr " , o.n. compd . of " myrkr " - " darkness " + " heimr " - " home " : 
krugerrand :: " for the ian mcnabb album , see krugerrands . " 
dose :: dose means quantity ( in units of energy / mass ) in the fields of nutrition , medicine , and toxicology . 
staroffice :: staroffice , known briefly as oracle open office before being discontinued in 2011 , was a proprietary office suite . 
enyalius :: enyalius or enyalios ( greek : ) in greek mythology is generally a son of ares by enyo and also a byname of ares the god of war . 
cannon :: a cannon ( plural : " cannon " or " cannons " ) is a type of gun classified as artillery that launches a projectile using propellant . 
onan :: onan ( ) is a minor biblical person in the book of genesis chapter 38 , who was the second son of judah . 
toulouse :: toulouse (; ; , ) is the capital of the french department of haute - garonne and of the region of occitanie . 
mnestheus :: mnestheus is a character from roman mythology , found in virgil 's " aeneid " . 
kraków :: kraków ( ) , also cracow or krakow (; ) , is the second largest and one of the oldest cities in poland . 
orientalism :: orientalism is a term that is used by art historians , literary and cultural studies scholars for the imitation or depiction of aspects in middle eastern , south asian , and east asian cultures ( eastern cultures ) . 
bærum :: bærum ( ) is a municipality in akershus county , norway . 
carcinogen :: a carcinogen is any substance , radionuclide , or radiation that promotes carcinogenesis , the formation of cancer . 
gododdin :: the gododdin ( ) were a p - celtic speaking brittonic people of north - eastern britannia , the area known as the hen ogledd or old north ( modern south - east scotland and north - east england ) , in the sub - roman period . 
gaz :: gaz or " gorkovsky avtomobilny zavod " ( ) is a russian automotive manufacturer located in nizhny novgorod . 
dorididae :: sea lemon is a loosely applied common name for a group of medium - sized to large shell - less colorful sea slugs or nudibranchs , specifically dorid nudibranchs in the taxonomic family dorididae and other closely related families . 
orgasm :: orgasm ( from greek ὀργασμός " orgasmos " " excitement , swelling " ; also sexual climax ) is the sudden discharge of accumulated sexual excitement during the sexual response cycle , resulting in rhythmic muscular contractions in the pelvic region characterized by sexual pleasure . 
tyrfing :: tyrfing , tirfing or tyrving ( the name is of uncertain origin , possibly connected to the terwingi ) was a magic sword in norse mythology , which features in the tyrfing cycle , which includes a poem from the " poetic edda " called " hervararkviða " , and the hervarar saga . 
wax :: waxes are a diverse class of organic compounds that are hydrophobic , malleable solids near ambient temperatures . 
command.com :: command.com is the default command - line interpreter for dos , windows 95 , windows 98 and windows me . 
graz :: graz ( ) is the capital of styria and the second - largest city in austria after vienna . 
aero :: aero is a greek prefix relating to flight and air . 
colombo :: colombo (; " kolamba " , ; ) is the commercial capital and largest city of sri lanka . 
gordias :: gordias ( " gordías " ; also γόρδιος " górdios " , " gordius " ) was the name of at least two members of the royal house of phrygia . 
orcus :: orcus ( ) was a god of the underworld , punisher of broken oaths in italic and roman mythology . 
terpsichore :: in greek mythology , terpsichore (; τερψιχόρη ) " delight in dancing " was one of the nine muses and goddess of dance and chorus . 
suda :: the suda or souda (; ) is a large 10th - century byzantine encyclopedia of the ancient mediterranean world , formerly attributed to an author called suidas . 
glockenspiel :: a glockenspiel ( or , " glocken " : bells and " spiel " : play , game , set , deck ( of cards ) ) is a percussion instrument composed of a set of tuned keys arranged in the fashion of the keyboard of a piano . 
astroturf :: astroturf is a brand of artificial turf playing surface . 
hylas :: in classical mythology , hylas ( ) was a youth who served as heracles ' companion and servant . 
poverty :: poverty is the scarcity or the lack of a certain ( variant ) amount of material possessions or money . 
logging :: logging is the cutting , skidding , on - site processing , and loading of trees or logs onto trucks or skeleton cars . 
listerine :: listerine is a brand of antiseptic mouthwash product . 
fermilab :: fermi national accelerator laboratory ( fermilab ) , located just outside batavia , illinois , near chicago , is a united states department of energy national laboratory specializing in high - energy particle physics . 
fidonet :: fidonet is a worldwide computer network that is used for communication between bulletin board systems ( bbses ) . 
scotland :: scotland (; scots : ; ) is a country that is part of the united kingdom and covers the northern third of the island of great britain . 
leicester :: leicester ( ) is a city and unitary authority area in the east midlands of england , and the county town of leicestershire . 
mordecai :: mordecai or mordechai ( , , ipa value : ) is one of the main personalities in the book of esther in the hebrew bible . 
kimono :: the is a traditional japanese garment . 
u-boat :: u - boat is the anglicised version of the german word u - boot , a shortening of unterseeboot , literally " undersea boat " . 
donkey :: the donkey or ass ( " equus africanus asinus " ) is a domesticated member of the horse family , equidae . 
alcyoneus :: alcyoneus ( , " alkuoneus " ) was a traditional opponent of the hero heracles . 
rapier :: rapier ( ) or espada ropera , is a loose term for a type of slender , sharply pointed sword . 
ossian :: ossian (; irish gaelic / scottish gaelic : " oisean " ) is the narrator and purported author of a cycle of epic poems published by the scottish poet james macpherson from 1760 . 
gtpase :: gtpases ( singular gtpase ) are a large family of hydrolase enzymes that can bind and hydrolyze guanosine triphosphate ( gtp ) . 
spinel :: spinel ( ) is the magnesium aluminium member of the larger spinel group of minerals . 
root :: in vascular plants , the root is the organ of a plant that typically lies below the surface of the soil . 
horoscope :: a horoscope is an astrological chart or diagram representing the positions of the sun , moon , planets , astrological aspects and sensitive angles at the time of an event , such as the moment of a person 's birth . 
westport :: westport is the name of several communities around the world . 
marriage :: marriage , also called matrimony or wedlock , is a socially or ritually recognised union between spouses that establishes rights and obligations between those spouses , as well as between them and any resulting biological or adopted children and affinity ( in - laws and other family through marriage ) . 
hegetoria :: in greek mythology , hegetoria was a local nymph at rhodes who married ochimus . 
leopard :: the leopard ( " panthera pardus " ) is one of the five " big cats " in the genus " panthera " . 
crinisus :: " this is also the name of a river in sicily , the river crinisus . " crinisus was a god in roman mythology . 
plum :: a plum is a fruit of the subgenus " prunus " of the genus " prunus . " 
spacetime :: in physics , spacetime is any mathematical model that fuses the three dimensions of space and the one dimension of time into a single four dimensional continuum . 
iaso :: iaso (; , " iasō " ) or ieso (; , " iēsō " ) was the greek goddess of recuperation from illness . 
americium :: americium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol am and atomic number 95 . 
megara :: megara (; , ) is a historic town and a municipality in west attica , greece . 
average :: in colloquial language , an average is a middle or typical number of a list of numbers . 
bowline :: the bowline ( or ) is an ancient and simple knot used to form a fixed loop at the end of a rope . 
abugida :: an abugida ( from ge'ez : አቡጊዳ " ’abugida " ) , or alphasyllabary , also known as avugida , is a segmental writing system in which consonant – vowel sequences are written as a unit : each unit is based on a consonant letter , and vowel notation is secondary . 
guinea :: guinea ( ) , officially the republic of guinea ( ) , is a country on the western coast of africa . 
zwolle :: zwolle ( ) is the capital city and municipality of the province of overijssel , netherlands . 
capaneus :: in greek mythology , capaneus ( ) was a son of hipponous and either astynome ( daughter of talaus ) or laodice ( daughter of iphis ) , and husband of evadne , with whom he fathered sthenelus . 
presbyterianism :: presbyterianism is a part of the reformed tradition within protestantism which traces its origins to the british isles , particularly scotland . 
percolozoa :: the percolozoa are a group of colourless , non - photosynthetic excavates , including many that can transform between amoeboid , flagellate , and cyst stages . 
straw :: straw is an agricultural by - product , the dry stalks of cereal plants , after the grain and chaff have been removed . 
egoism :: egoism is an ethical theory that treats self - interest as the foundation of morality . 
houston :: houston ( ) is the most populous city in the u.s. state of texas and the fourth - most populous city in the united states . 
antisemitism :: antisemitism ( also spelled anti - semitism or anti - semitism ) is hostility to , prejudice , or discrimination against jews . 
ferdiad :: ferdiad (; also " fer diad " , " ferdia " , " fear diadh " ) , son of damán , son of dáire , of the fir domnann , is a warrior of connacht in the ulster cycle of irish mythology . 
os-9 :: os-9 is a family of real - time , process - based , multitasking , multi - user operating systems , developed in the 1980s , originally by microware systems corporation for the motorola 6809 microprocessor . 
candle :: a candle is an ignitable wick embedded in wax or another flammable solid substance such as tallow that provides light , and in some cases , a fragrance . 
rivendell :: rivendell is an elven realm in middle - earth , a fictional world created by j. r. r. tolkien . 
neptunium :: neptunium is a chemical element with symbol np and atomic number 93 . 
lesotho :: lesotho (; ) , officially the kingdom of lesotho ( ) , is an enclaved , landlocked country in southern africa completely surrounded by south africa . 
pastry :: pastry is a dough of flour , water and shortening that may be savoury or sweetened . 
conakry :: conakry ( sosso : " kɔnakiri " ) is the capital and largest city of guinea . 
llobregat :: the llobregat ( ) is the second longest river in catalonia , spain . 
tmolus :: tmolus ( , " tmōlos " ) was a king of lydia and husband to omphale . 
ijsselmeer :: the ijsselmeer (; west frisian language : " iselmar " ) , is a closed off inland bay in the central netherlands bordering the provinces of flevoland , north holland and friesland . 
thesaurus :: in general usage , a thesaurus is a reference work that lists words grouped together according to similarity of meaning ( containing synonyms and sometimes antonyms ) , in contrast to a dictionary , which provides definitions for words , and generally lists them in alphabetical order . 
elephant :: elephants are large mammals of the family elephantidae and the order proboscidea . 
viewdata :: viewdata is a videotex implementation . 
pea :: the pea is most commonly the small spherical seed or the seed - pod of the pod fruit pisum sativum . 
gwern :: matholwch , king of ireland , sails across the irish sea to ask the british high king , brân , for the hand of his sister branwen in marriage . 
rhodope :: rhodope may mean : 
ferrocene :: ferrocene is an organometallic compound with the formula fe(ch ) . 
cetus :: cetus ( ) is a constellation . 
clitic :: a clitic ( from greek κλιτικός " klitikos " , " inflexional " ) is a morpheme in morphology and syntax that has syntactic characteristics of a word , but depends phonologically on another word or phrase . 
rochester :: rochester refers to : in the united states : in the united kingdom : 
ajaigarh :: ajaigarh or adjygurh ( ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in the panna district of madhya pradesh state in central india . 
ogyges :: ogyges , also spelled ogygos or ogygus ( or ὤγυγος ) , is a primeval mythological ruler in ancient greece , generally of boeotia , but an alternative tradition makes him the first king of attica . 
rephidim :: rephidim ( ) is one of the places visited by the israelites in the biblical account of the exodus from egypt . 
aibell :: in irish legend 
post-structuralism :: post - structuralism is associated with the works of a series of mid-20th - century french and continental philosophers and critical theorists who came to international prominence in the 1960s and 1970s . 
annwn :: annwn , annwfn , or annwfyn ( in middle welsh , " annwvn " , " annwyn " , " annwyfn " , " annwvyn " , or " annwfyn " ) was the otherworld in welsh mythology . 
infanticide :: infanticide ( or infant homicide ) is the intentional killing of infants . 
bopis :: bopis ( " bópiz " in spanish ) is a piquant philippine dish of pork or beef lungs and heart sautéed in tomatoes , chilies and onions . 
dicaearchus :: dicaearchus of messana (; " dikaiarkhos " ; c. 350 – c. 285 bc ) , also written dicearchus or dicearch ( ) , was a greek philosopher , cartographer , geographer , mathematician and author . 
mallophaga :: the mallophaga are a suborder of lice , known as chewing lice , biting lice or bird lice , containing more than 3000 species . 
beag :: in irish mythology , bec ( modern irish " beag " , meaning " small " ) was one of the tuatha dé danann . 
adamanthea :: a nymph in greek mythology , adamanthea helped raise the infant zeus to hide him from his father , cronus . 
tegyrios :: tegyrios was king of thrace . 
badenoch :: badenoch ( from the scottish gaelic " bàideanach " meaning drowned land ) is a traditional district which today forms part of badenoch and strathspey , an area of highland council , in scotland , bounded on the north by the monadhliath mountains , on the east by the cairngorms and braemar , on the south by atholl and the grampians , and on the west by lochaber . 
tanzania :: tanzania ( ) , officially the united republic of tanzania ( ) , is a country in eastern africa within the african great lakes region . 
patience :: patience ( or forbearing ) is the state of endurance under difficult circumstances , which can mean : persevering in the face of delay ; provocation without acting on negative annoyance / anger ; or exhibiting forbearance when under strain , especially when faced with longer - term difficulties . 
lubin :: lubin , ( ) is a town in lower silesian voivodeship in south - western poland . 
theft :: in common usage , theft is the taking of another person 's property or services without that person 's permission or consent with the intent to deprive the rightful owner of it . 
anarcho-punk :: anarcho - punk ( or anarchist punk ) is punk rock that promotes anarchism . 
indemnity :: indemnity is when one party promises to compensate the loss occurred to the other party , due to the act of the promisor or any other party . 
roentgenium :: roentgenium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol rg and atomic number 111 . 
cocalus :: in greek mythology , cocalus ( ) was a king of kamikos in sicily , according to diodorus siculus ( book iv ) . 
discounting :: discounting is a financial mechanism in which a debtor obtains the right to delay payments to a creditor , for a defined period of time , in exchange for a charge or fee . 
rutaceae :: the rutaceae are a family , commonly known as the rue or citrus family , of flowering plants , usually placed in the order sapindales . 
erulus :: in vergil 's " aeneid " , erulus is a king of praeneste . 
gnuplot :: gnuplot is a command - line program that can generate two- and three - dimensional plots of functions , data , and data fits . 
hyena :: hyenas or hyaenas ( from greek ὕαινα " hýaina " ) are any feliform carnivoran mammals of the family hyaenidae . 
gattaca :: gattaca is a 1997 american science fiction film written and directed by andrew niccol . 
orchidaceae :: the orchidaceae are a diverse and widespread family of flowering plants , with blooms that are often colourful and fragrant , commonly known as the orchid family . 
olsztyn :: olsztyn (; ; ; old polish : " holstin " ; old prussian : " alnāsteini " or " alnestabs " ; lithuanian : " alnaštynas " , " alnštynas " , " alštynas " ( historical ) and " olštynas " ( modern ) ) is a city on the łyna river in northeastern poland . 
zula :: zula ( , ) is a small town in central eritrea . 
munro :: a munro ( ) is a mountain in scotland with a height over . 
backplane :: a backplane ( or " backplane system " ) is a group of electrical connectors in parallel with each other , so that each pin of each connector is linked to the same relative pin of all the other connectors , forming a computer bus . 
cornett :: the cornett , cornetto , or zink is an early wind instrument that dates from the medieval , renaissance and baroque periods , popular from 1500 to 1650 . 
posthumanism :: posthumanism or post - humanism ( meaning " after humanism " or " beyond humanism " ) is a term with at least seven definitions according to philosopher francesca ferrando : philosopher ted schatzki suggests there are two varieties of posthumanism of the philosophical kind : one , which he calls ' objectivism ' , tries to counter the overemphasis of the subjective or intersubjective that pervades humanism , and emphasises the role of the nonhuman agents , whether they be animals and plants , or computers or other things . 
kick :: a kick is a physical strike using the leg : foot , heel , tibia , thigh or knee ( the latter is also known as a knee strike ) . 
cajuns :: cajuns (; or " les acadiens " , ) are an ethnic group mainly living in the u.s. state of louisiana , consisting in part of the descendants of acadian exiles— 
ballarat :: ballarat is a city located on the yarrowee river in the central highlands of victoria , australia . 
cenozoic :: the cenozoic era (; also cænozoic , caenozoic or cainozoic ; meaning " new life " , from greek " kainós " " new " , and " zōḗ " " life " ) is the current and most recent of the three phanerozoic geological eras , following the mesozoic era and covering the period from 66 million years ago to the present day . 
bel :: bel can mean : 
kamov :: kamov ( ) is a russian rotorcraft manufacturing company , founded by nikolai ilyich kamov , who started building his first rotary - winged aircraft in 1929 , together with n. k. skrzhinskii . 
funeral :: a funeral is a ceremony connected with the burial , cremation , etc . of the body of a dead person , or the burial ( or equivalent ) with the attendant observances . 
magnetometer :: a magnetometer is an instrument that measures magnetism — either the magnetization of a magnetic material like a ferromagnet , or the direction , strength , or relative change of a magnetic field at a particular location . 
zebra :: zebras ( or ) are several species of african equids ( horse family ) united by their distinctive black and white striped coats . 
x86 :: x86 is a family of backward - compatible instruction set architectures based on the intel 8086 cpu and its intel 8088 variant . 
spaceballs :: spaceballs is a 1987 american comic science fiction film co - written , produced and directed by mel brooks . 
mp3 :: mpeg-1 or mpeg-2 audio layer iii , more commonly referred to as mp3 ( or mp3 ) , is an audio coding format for digital audio . 
selinunte :: selinunte (; , " selinous " ; ) was an ancient greek city on the south - western coast of sicily in italy . 
snowboard :: snowboards are boards that are usually the width of one 's foot longways , with the ability to glide on snow . 
calvados :: calvados ( ) is an apple brandy from the normandy region in france . 
silicon :: silicon is a chemical element with symbol si and atomic number 14 . 
glele :: glele or badohou ( died 1889 ) was the tenth king of dahomey , ruling from 1858 until his death . 
ciprofloxacin :: ciprofloxacin is an antibiotic used to treat a number of bacterial infections . 
antimatter :: in modern physics , antimatter is defined as a material composed of the antiparticle ( or " partners " ) to the corresponding particles of ordinary matter . 
stratford-upon-avon :: stratford - upon - avon ( ) is a market town and civil parish in warwickshire , england , on the river avon , north west of london , south east of birmingham , and south west of warwick . 
fragaria :: fragaria is a genus of flowering plants in the rose family , rosaceae , commonly known as strawberries for their edible fruits . 
squatting :: squatting is the action of occupying an abandoned or unoccupied area of land or a building , usually residential , that the squatter does not own , rent or otherwise have lawful permission to use . 
champs-élysées :: the avenue des champs - élysées ( ) is an avenue in the 8th arrondissement of paris , long and wide , running between the place de la concorde and the place charles de gaulle , where the arc de triomphe is located . 
oceania :: oceania ( or ) is a geographic region comprising melanesia , micronesia , polynesia and australasia . 
wakizashi :: the is one of the traditionally made japanese swords ( ) worn by the " samurai " in feudal japan . 
conon :: conon ( ) ( before 444 bc – after 394 bc ) was an athenian general at the end of the peloponnesian war , who led the athenian naval forces when they were defeated by a peloponnesian fleet in the crucial battle of aegospotami ; later he contributed significantly to the restoration of athens ' political and military power . 
ubik :: ubik ( ) is a 1969 science fiction novel by american writer philip k. dick . 
archetype :: the concept of an archetype appears in areas relating to behavior , modern psychological theory , and literary analysis . 
valine :: valine ( abbreviated as val or v ) is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
nan :: in computing , nan , standing for not a number , is a numeric data type value representing an undefined or unrepresentable value , especially in floating - point calculations . 
colossae :: colossae (; greek : κολοσσαί ) was an ancient city of phrygia in asia minor , and was the location of a christian community to which the apostle paul addressed a canonically accepted epistle ( letter ) , which is known for its content 's exaltation of the supremacy of jesus christ . 
zoetrope :: a zoetrope is one of several pre - film animation devices that produce the illusion of motion by displaying a sequence of drawings or photographs showing progressive phases of that motion . 
thermistor :: a thermistor is a type of resistor whose resistance is dependent on temperature , more so than in standard resistors . 
kpmg :: kpmg is a professional service company and one of the big four auditors , along with deloitte , ernst & young ( ey ) , and pricewaterhousecoopers ( pwc ) . 
vernation :: vernation ( from " vernal " meaning " spring " , since that is when leaves spring forth in temperate regions ) is the formation of new leaves or fronds . 
philammon :: in greek mythology , philammon ( ancient greek : φιλάμμων ) was the son of chione and apollo . 
cynric :: cynric was king of wessex from 534 to 560 . 
elpis :: in greek mythology , elpis ( ) is the personification and spirit of hope ( usually seen as an extension to suffering by the greek , not as a god ) , perhaps a child of nyx and mother of pheme , the goddess of fame , renown and rumor . 
alexandra :: alexandra ( greek : ) is the feminine form of the given name alexander ( greek : , " alexandros " ) . 
theism :: theism is broadly defined as the belief in the existence of a deity or deities . 
comet :: a comet is an icy small solar system body that , when passing close to the sun , warms and begins to release gases , a process called outgassing . 
torpedo :: the modern torpedo is a self - propelled weapon with an explosive warhead , launched above or below the water surface , propelled underwater towards a target , and designed to detonate either on contact with its target or in proximity to it . 
neoproterozoic :: the neoproterozoic era is the unit of geologic time from . 
werewolf :: a werewolf ( , " man - wolf " ) or occasionally lycanthrope ( " lukánthrōpos " , " wolf - person " ) is a mythological or folkloric human with the ability to shapeshift into a wolf ( or , especially in modern film , a therianthropic hybrid wolflike creature ) , either purposely or after being placed under a curse or affliction ( often a bite or scratch from another werewolf ) . 
cebren :: cebren was a greek river - god , whose river was located near troy . 
radiation :: in physics , radiation is the emission or transmission of energy in the form of waves or particles through space or through a material medium . 
aglaurus :: aglaurus (; ) or agraulus (; ancient greek : ) is a name attributed to three figures in greek mythology . 
shuffling :: shuffling is a procedure used to randomize a deck of playing cards to provide an element of chance in card games . 
battle :: a battle is a combat in warfare between two or more armed forces , or combatants . 
orchestra :: an orchestra ( or ; ) is a large instrumental ensemble typical of classical music , which mixes instruments from different families , including bowed string instruments such as violin , viola , cello and double bass , as well as brass , woodwinds , and percussion instruments , each grouped in sections . 
cheyenne :: the cheyenne ( ) are one of the indigenous peoples of the great plains and their language is of the algonquian language family . 
trondheim :: trondheim ( ) , historically kaupangen , nidaros and trondhjem , is a city and municipality in sør - trøndelag county , norway . 
north :: north is a noun , adjective , or adverb indicating direction or geography . 
boraginaceae :: boraginaceae , the borage or forget - me - not family , includes a variety of shrubs , trees , and herbs , totaling about 2,000 species in 146 genera found worldwide . 
rapture :: in christian eschatology the rapture refers to a purported end time event when all christian believers — living and resurrected dead — will rise into the sky and join christ for eternity . 
munster :: munster ( , ) is one of the provinces of ireland situated in the south of ireland . 
hezekiah :: hezekiah ( , hebrew : ; " ḥazaqya'u " ; ; ; also transliterated as " ḥizkiyyahu " or " ḥizkiyyah " ) was , according to the hebrew bible , the son of ahaz and the 13th king of judah . 
hair :: hair is a protein filament that grows from follicles found in the dermis , the innermost layer of the skin . 
sarnia :: sarnia is a city in southwestern ontario , canada , and had a 2016 population of 71,594 . 
englewood :: englewood is a corruption of dutch " engelse buurt " , or " english neighborhood " , which originally referred to englewood , new jersey 's status as one of the few english - speaking settlements in dutch - speaking new netherland . 
dorians :: the dorians (; , " dōrieis " , singular , " dōrieus " ) were one of the four major ethnic groups among which the hellenes ( or greeks ) of classical greece considered themselves divided ( along with the aeolians , achaeans , and ionians ) . 
alexandria :: alexandria ( or ; arabic : ' ; ' ; " ") is the second largest city and a major economic centre in egypt , extending about along the coast of the mediterranean sea in the north central part of the country . 
fifa :: the ( fifa ; french for " international federation of association football " ) is a private association which describes itself as an international governing body of association football , futsal , and beach soccer . 
benjamin :: benjamin was the last - born of jacob 's thirteen children ( 12 sons and 1 daughter ) , and the second and last son of rachel in jewish , christian and islamic tradition . 
euthanasia :: euthanasia ( from ; " good death " : εὖ , " eu " ; " well " or " good " – θάνατος , " thanatos " ; " death " ) is the practice of intentionally ending a life to relieve pain and suffering . 
cluny :: cluny is a commune in the eastern french department of saône - et - loire , in the region of bourgogne - franche - comté . 
simputer :: the simputer is a self - contained , open hardware linux - based handheld computer , first released in 2002 . 
estrogen :: estrogen ( american english ) or oestrogen ( british english ) is the primary female sex hormone as well as a medication . 
coraline :: coraline is a dark fantasy children 's novella by british author neil gaiman , published in 2002 by bloomsbury and harper collins . 
vecchio :: vecchio (; plural " vecchi " , meaning " old one " or simply " old " ) , is a category of aged , male characters from the italian " commedia dell'arte " . 
fever :: fever , also known as pyrexia and febrile response , is defined as having a temperature above the normal range due to an increase in the body 's temperature set - point . 
murmansk :: murmansk (; ; ; ) is a port city and the administrative center of murmansk oblast , russia , located in the extreme northwest part of russia , on the kola bay , an inlet of the barents sea on the northern shore of the kola peninsula , close to russia 's borders with norway and finland . 
ainulindalë :: ainulindalë (; " " music of the ainur " " ) is the creation account in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium , published as the first part of the posthumously published " the silmarillion " ( 1977 ) . 
legend :: a legend is a narrative of human actions that are perceived both by teller and listeners to take place within human history and demonstrating human values , and which possesses certain qualities that give the tale verisimilitude . 
compass :: a compass is an instrument used for navigation and orientation that shows direction relative to the geographic cardinal directions ( or points ) . 
lovebird :: a lovebird is one of nine species of the genus " agapornis " ( greek : αγάπη " agape " ' love ' ; όρνις " ornis " ' bird ' ) . 
envisat :: envisat ( " environmental satellite " ) is a large inactive earth - observing satellite which is still in orbit 
carmenta :: in ancient roman religion and myth , carmenta was a goddess of childbirth and prophecy , associated with technological innovation as well as the protection of mothers and children , and a patron of midwives . 
oracle :: in classical antiquity , 
genealogy :: genealogy ( from ' from ' , " generation " and ' , " knowledge " ) , also known as family history , is the study of families and the tracing of their lineages and history . 
stork :: storks are large , long - legged , long - necked wading birds with long , stout bills . 
hyperglycemia :: hyperglycemia , or high blood sugar ( also spelled hyperglycaemia or hyperglycæmia ) is a condition in which an excessive amount of glucose circulates in the blood plasma . 
bujinkan :: the bujinkan ( 武神館 ) is an international martial arts organization based in japan and headed by masaaki hatsumi . 
pterocarpus :: pterocarpus is a pantropical genus of trees in the family fabaceae . 
mens :: in roman mythology , mens , also known as bona mens or mens bona ( latin for " good mind " ) , was the personification of thought , consciousness and the mind , and also of " right - thinking " . 
portunus :: portunus is a genus of crab which includes several important species for fisheries , such as the blue swimming crab , " portunus pelagicus " and the gazami crab , " p. trituberculatus " . 
aberdeen :: aberdeen (; , ; ; ) is scotland 's third most populous city , one of scotland 's 32 local government council areas and the united kingdom 's 37th most populous built - up area , with an official population estimate of 196,670 for the city of aberdeen and for the local authority area . 
scumm :: script creation utility for maniac mansion ( scumm ) is a video game engine developed at lucasfilm games , later renamed lucasarts , to ease development on their first graphic adventure game " maniac mansion " ( 1987 ) . 
gibellina :: gibellina ( sicilian : " gibbiddina " ) is a small city and " comune " in the mountains of central sicily , italy in the province of trapani . 
huneric :: huneric or hunneric or honeric ( died december 23 , 484 ) was king of the ( north african ) vandal kingdom ( 477–484 ) and the oldest son of genseric . 
hendecasyllable :: the hendecasyllable is a line of eleven syllables , used in ancient greek and latin quantitative verse as well as in medieval and modern european poetry . 
polymestor :: in greek mythology , polymestor or polymnestor ( ) was a king of thrace . 
governor :: a governor is , in most cases , a public official with the power to govern the executive branch of a non - sovereign or sub - national level of government , ranking under the head of state . 
lazurite :: lazurite is a tectosilicate mineral with sulfate , sulfur and chloride with formula : ( na , ca)[(s , cl , so , oh)<nowiki>|</nowiki>(alsio ) ] . 
erysipelas :: erysipelas (; greek ἐρυσίπελας , " red skin " ; also known as " ignis sacer " , " holy fire " , and " st. anthony 's fire " in some countries ) is an acute infection typically with a skin rash , usually on any of the legs and toes , face , arms , and fingers . 
awk :: awk is a programming language designed for text processing and typically used as a data extraction and reporting tool . 
alquerque :: alquerque ( also known as qirkat ) is a strategy board game that is thought to have originated in the middle east . 
kielce :: kielce (; , " keltz " ) is a city in south central poland with 199,475 inhabitants . 
innsbruck :: innsbruck ( , ) is the capital city of tyrol in western austria . 
cuthbert :: cuthbert ( c. 634 – 20 march 687 ) is a saint of the early northumbrian church in the celtic tradition . 
lugh :: lugh or lug (; modern irish : " lú " ) is an important god of irish mythology . 
aegimius :: aegimius ( ) was the greek mythological ancestor of the dorians , who is described as their king and lawgiver at the time when they were yet inhabiting the northern parts of thessaly . 
pyrimidine :: pyrimidine is an aromatic heterocyclic organic compound similar to pyridine . 
anti-capitalism :: anti - capitalism encompasses a wide variety of movements , ideas and attitudes that oppose capitalism . 
serbia :: serbia ( , , ) , officially the republic of serbia ( ) , is a landlocked country situated at the crossroads of central and southeast europe in the southern pannonian plain and the central balkans . 
bacteriophage :: a bacteriophage , also known informally as a phage , is a virus that infects and replicates within a bacterium . 
nazareth :: nazareth (; , " natzrat " ; , " an - nāṣira " ; , " naṣrath " ) is the capital and the largest city in the northern district of israel . 
gear :: a gear or cogwheel is a rotating machine part having cut " teeth " , or cogs , which mesh with another toothed part to transmit torque . 
antidepressant :: antidepressants are drugs used for the treatment of major depressive disorder and other conditions , including dysthymia , anxiety disorders , obsessive – compulsive disorder , eating disorders , chronic pain , neuropathic pain and , in some cases , dysmenorrhoea , snoring , migraine , attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder ( adhd ) , addiction , dependence , and sleep disorders . 
turnkey :: a turnkey or a turnkey project ( also spelled turn - key ) is a type of project that is constructed so that it can be sold to any buyer as a completed product . 
lycopene :: lycopene from the neo - latin " lycopersicum " , the tomato species , is a bright red carotene and carotenoid pigment and phytochemical found in tomatoes and other red fruits and vegetables , such as red carrots , watermelons , gac , and papayas , although not in strawberries or cherries . 
denormalization :: denormalization is a strategy used on a previously - normalized database to increase performance . 
thebaine :: thebaine ( paramorphine ) , also known as codeine methyl enol ether , is an opiate alkaloid , its name coming from the greek θῆβαι , " thēbai " ( thebes ) , an ancient city in upper egypt . 
shelob :: shelob is a fictional giant spider from j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
sigmoid :: sigmoid means resembling the lower - case greek letter sigma ( ς ) or the latin letter s. specific uses include : 
callitrichidae :: the callitrichidae ( also called arctopitheci or hapalidae ) are a family of new world monkeys , including marmosets , tamarins and lion tamarins . 
hake :: the term hake refers to fish in either of : hake is in the same taxonomic order ( gadiformes ) as cod and haddock . 
acanthocephala :: acanthocephala ( greek , ' , thorn + , ' , head ) is a phylum of parasitic worms known as acanthocephalans , thorny - headed worms , or spiny - headed worms , characterized by the presence of an eversible proboscis , armed with spines , which it uses to pierce and hold the gut wall of its host . 
cryptonomicon :: cryptonomicon is a 1999 novel by american author neal stephenson , set in two different time periods . 
thuringia :: the free state of thuringia (; , ) is a federal state in central germany . 
sindh :: sindh ( ; ) is one of the four provinces of pakistan , in the southeast of the country . 
pterodactylus :: pterodactylus ( , from the greek πτεροδάκτυλος , " pterodaktulos , " meaning " winged finger " ) is an extinct flying reptile genus of pterosaurs , whose members are popularly known as pterodactyls ( ) . 
custard :: custard is a variety of culinary preparations based on a cooked mixture of milk or cream and egg yolk . 
acoetes :: acoetes ( from greek , via latin " ăcoetēs " ) was the name of three men in greek and roman mythology . 
kamikaze :: , officially , were a part of the japanese special attack units of military aviators who initiated suicide attacks for the empire of japan against allied naval vessels in the closing stages of the pacific campaign of world war ii , designed to destroy warships more effectively than was possible with conventional air attacks . 
truth :: truth is most often used to mean being in accord with fact or reality , or fidelity to an original or standard . 
diprotodon :: diprotodon , meaning " two forward teeth " , is the largest known marsupial to have ever lived . 
polyhedron :: in geometry , a polyhedron ( plural polyhedra or polyhedrons ) is a solid in three dimensions with flat polygonal faces , straight edges and sharp corners or vertices . 
towpath :: a towpath is a road or trail on the bank of a river , canal , or other inland waterway . 
rabshakeh :: rabshakeh , also rab - shakeh and rabsaces ( akkadian language " rabshaqe " ; ; " rapsakēs " ; ) assyrian neo - aramaic : ( ) this name meaning chief of the princes in the semitic akkadian and aramaic languages , was given to the chief cup - bearer or the vizier of the akkadian , assyrian and babylonian royal courts in ancient mesopotamia , and revived by the assyrians as a military rank during world war i. the bible mentions it for one of sennacherib 's messengers to hezekiah . 
grylloblattidae :: grylloblattidae is a family of extremophile ( psychrophile ) and wingless insects that live in the cold on top of mountains . 
duopoly :: a duopoly ( from greek δύο , " duo " ( two ) + πωλεῖν , " polein " ( to sell ) ) is a form of oligopoly where only two sellers exist in one market . 
barnabas :: barnabas ( english : b|ɑr|n|ə|b|ə|s ; greek : βαρνάβας ) , born joseph , was an early christian , one of the prominent christian disciples in jerusalem . 
diffraction :: diffraction refers to various phenomena that occur when a wave encounters an obstacle or a slit . 
hydrogen :: hydrogen is a chemical element with symbol h and atomic number 1 . 
lincolnshire :: lincolnshire ( or ; abbreviated lincs ) is a county in the east of england . 
panspermia :: panspermia ( ) is the hypothesis that life exists throughout the universe , distributed by meteoroids , asteroids , comets , planetoids , and also by spacecraft in the form of unintended contamination by microorganisms . 
windham :: windham is an english surname , derived from the name of wymondham , norfolk . 
solomon :: solomon (; " šlomo " ; " shlemun " ; ' , also colloquially : ' or ' ; " solomōn " ; ) , also called jedidiah " ' ( hebrew ) , was , according to the hebrew bible ( book of kings : 1 kings 1–11 ; book of chronicles : 1 chronicles 28–29 , 2 chronicles 1–9 ) , quran , hadith and " hidden words " , a fabulously wealthy and wise king of israel who succeeded his father , king david . 
eldhrímnir :: in norse mythology , eldhrímnir ( old norse " fire - sooty " ) is the cauldron in which the cook of the gods , andhrímnir , prepares sæhrímnir every evening . 
ontogeny :: ontogeny ( also ontogenesis or morphogenesis ) is the origination and development of an organism , usually from the time of fertilization of the egg to the organism 's mature form — although the term can be used to refer to the study of the entirety of an organism 's lifespan . 
summanus :: in ancient roman religion , summanus ( ) was the god of nocturnal thunder , as counterposed to jupiter , the god of diurnal ( daylight ) thunder . 
amphinomus :: in greek mythology , amphinomus , also amphínomos ( ἀμφίνομος ; literally " grazing all about " ) , was the son of king nisos and one of the suitors of penelope that was killed by telemachus . 
teaspoon :: a teaspoon is an item of cutlery , a measuring instrument , of approximately 5ml , or a unit of measurement of volume ( usually abbreviated " tsp . " ) . 
gunthamund :: gunthamund ( c. 450 - 496 ) , king of the vandals and alans ( 484 - 496 ) was the third king of the north african vandal kingdom . 
ahinoam :: ahinoam ( אֲחִינֹעַם " " ăħinoʕam " " ) is a hebrew name literally meaning " brother of pleasantness " , thus meaning " pleasant " . 
dramaturge :: a dramaturge or dramaturg is a professional within a theatre or opera company who deals mainly with research and development of plays or operas . 
automorphism :: in mathematics , an automorphism is an isomorphism from a mathematical object to itself . 
skíðblaðnir :: skíðblaðnir ( old norse ' assembled from thin pieces of wood ' ) , sometimes anglicized as skidbladnir or skithblathnir , is the best of ships in norse mythology . 
vtol :: a vertical take - off and landing ( vtol ) aircraft is one that can hover , take off , and land vertically . 
witenagemot :: the witenaġemot ( old english witena ġemōt modern english " meeting of wise men " ) , also known as the witan ( more properly the title of its members ) was a political institution in anglo - saxon england which operated from before the 7th century until the 11th century . 
barium :: barium is a chemical element with symbol ba and atomic number 56 . 
arj :: arj ( archived by robert jung ) is a software tool designed by robert k. jung for creating high - efficiency compressed file archives . 
nucleus :: nucleus ( pl : " nuclei " ) is a latin word for the seed inside a fruit . 
naskapi :: the naskapi ( nascapi , naskapee , nascapee ) or naskapi innu are the innu first nation inhabitants of an area referred to by many innu to as nitassinan , which comprises most of what other canadians refer to as eastern quebec and labrador , canada . 
routing :: routing is the process of selecting a path for traffic in a network , or between or across multiple networks . 
pythonidae :: the pythonidae , commonly known simply as pythons , from the greek word " python " ( πυθων ) , are a family of nonvenomous snakes found in africa , asia , and australia . 
haaretz :: haaretz ( ) ( lit . " 
visayas :: the visayas or the visayan islands ( visayan : " kabisay - an " , ; , ) , is one of the three principal geographical divisions of the philippines , along with luzon and mindanao . 
montjuïc :: montjuïc (; spanish spelling " montjuich " ) is a hill in barcelona , catalonia , spain . 
luganda :: luganda , or ganda ( , " oluganda " ) , is one of the major languages in uganda and is spoken by five million baganda and other people principally in southern uganda , including the capital kampala . 
abellio :: abellio ( also abelio and abelionni ) was a god worshipped in the garonne valley in gallia aquitania ( now southwest france ) , known primarily by a number of inscriptions which were discovered in comminges . 
moses :: moses ( ) is a prophet in the abrahamic religions . 
xanthos :: xanthos ( lycian : 𐊀𐊕𐊑𐊏𐊀 " arñna " , , latin : " xanthus " , turkish : " ksantos " ) was the name of a city in ancient lycia , the site of present - day kınık , antalya province , turkey , and of the river on which the city is situated . 
dictator :: a dictator is a political leader who possesses absolute power and wields it in an oppressive or abusive manner . 
superpower :: superpower is a term used to describe a state with a dominant position , which is characterised by its extensive ability to exert influence or project power on a global scale . 
autolycus :: in greek mythology , autolycus (; " autolykos " , " the wolf itself " , or " very wolf " ) was a son of the olympian god hermes and chione . 
midas :: midas (; ) is the name of at least three members of the royal house of phrygia . 
playboy :: playboy is an american men 's lifestyle and entertainment magazine . 
roseau :: roseau ( dominican creole : " wozo " ) is the capital and largest city of dominica , with a population of 14,725 ( as of 2011 ) . 
polka :: the polka is originally a czech dance and genre of dance music familiar throughout europe and the americas . 
einherjar :: in norse mythology , the einherjar ( old norse " single ( or once ) fighters " ) are those who have died in battle and are brought to valhalla by valkyries . 
epsilon :: epsilon ( uppercase ' , lowercase ' or lunate ; ) is the fifth letter of the greek alphabet , corresponding phonetically to a . 
folklore :: folklore is the expressive body of culture shared by a particular group of people ; it encompasses the traditions common to that culture , subculture or group . 
altivec :: altivec is a single - precision floating point and integer simd instruction set designed and owned by apple , ibm , and freescale semiconductor ( formerly motorola 's semiconductor products sector ) — the aim alliance . 
autograph :: an autograph ( from the , " autós " , " self " and γράφω , " gráphō " , " write " ) is a document transcribed entirely in the handwriting of its author , as opposed to a typeset document or one written by an amanuensis or a copyist ; the meaning overlaps with that of the word holograph . 
xenopus :: xenopus ( ) ( gk . , ξενος , " xenos" = strange , πους , " pous" = foot , commonly known as the clawed frog ) is a genus of highly aquatic frogs native to sub - saharan africa . 
garonne :: the garonne ( , ; in occitan , catalan , portuguese and spanish : " garona " ; or " garunna " ) is a river in southwest france and northern spain , with a length of . 
daphnia :: daphnia , a genus of small planktonic crustaceans , are in length . 
pseudotsuga :: pseudotsuga is a genus of evergreen coniferous trees in the family pinaceae . 
svalbard :: svalbard (; prior to 1925 known by its dutch name spitsbergen , meaning " jagged mountains " ) is a norwegian archipelago in the arctic ocean . 
mafic :: mafic is an adjective describing a silicate mineral or igneous rock that is rich in magnesium and iron , and is thus a portmanteau of magnesium and ferric . 
gametophyte :: a gametophyte is a stage in the life cycle of plants and algae that undergo alternation of generations . 
frumenty :: frumenty ( sometimes " frumentee " , " furmity " , " fromity " , or " fermenty " ) was a popular dish in western european medieval cuisine . 
serotonin :: serotonin ( ) or 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-ht ) is a monoamine neurotransmitter . 
scarabaeidae :: the family scarabaeidae as currently defined consists of over 30,000 species of beetles worldwide , often called scarabs or scarab beetles . 
seconds :: the giveaways seconds are the base units of time in the international system of units ( si ) . 
icewm :: icewm is a stacking window manager for the x window system graphical infrastructure , written by marko maček . 
amazonite :: amazonite ( sometimes called " amazon stone " ) is a green variety of microcline feldspar . 
bodyline :: bodyline , also known as fast leg theory bowling , was a cricketing tactic devised by the english cricket team for their 1932–33 ashes tour of australia , specifically to combat the extraordinary batting skill of australia 's don bradman . 
crime :: in ordinary language , a crime is an unlawful act punishable by a state or other authority . 
dvalinn :: in norse mythology , dvalinn is a dwarf who appears in several old norse tales and kennings . 
gargoyle :: in architecture , a gargoyle ( ) is a carved or formed grotesque with a spout designed to convey water from a roof and away from the side of a building , thereby preventing rainwater from running down masonry walls and eroding the mortar between . 
horse :: the horse ( " equus ferus caballus " ) is one of two extant subspecies of " equus ferus " . 
kilo- :: kilo ( from the greek , literally a thousand ) is a decimal unit prefix in the metric system denoting multiplication by one thousand ( 10 ) . 
helium :: helium is a chemical element with symbol he and atomic number 2 . 
fukuoka :: , fukuoka is japan ’s fifth largest city , having passed the population of kobe . 
microwave :: microwaves are a form of electromagnetic radiation with wavelengths ranging from one meter to one millimeter ; with frequencies between and . 
arm :: in human anatomy , the arm is the part of the upper limb between the glenohumeral joint ( shoulder joint ) and the elbow joint . 
ricimer :: flavius ricimer ( ; c. 405 – august 18 , 472 ) was a romanized germanic general who effectively ruled the remaining territory of the western roman empire from 456 until his death in 472 . 
zip-cord :: zip - cord is a type of electrical cable with two or more conductors held together by an insulating jacket that can be easily separated simply by pulling apart . 
localtalk :: localtalk is a particular implementation of the physical layer of the appletalk networking system from apple computer . 
lindisfarne :: the holy island of lindisfarne , also known simply as holy island , is a tidal island off the northeast coast of england , which constitutes the civil parish of holy island in northumberland . 
fornax :: fornax ( ) is a constellation in the southern sky , partly ringed by the celestial river eridanus . 
anglo-saxons :: the anglo - saxons were a people who inhabited great britain from the 5th century . 
abensberg :: abensberg ( ) is a town in the lower bavarian district of kelheim , in bavaria , germany , lying around 30 km southwest of regensburg , 40 km east of ingolstadt , 50 northwest of landshut and 100 km north of munich . 
greeks :: the greeks or hellenes ( , " éllines " , ) are an ethnic group native to greece , cyprus , southern albania , italy , turkey , egypt and , to a lesser extent , other countries surrounding the mediterranean sea . 
simony :: simony is the act of selling church offices and roles . 
lead :: lead is a chemical element that is assigned the symbol pb ( from the latin " plumbum " ) and the atomic number 82 . 
sciaenidae :: the sciaenidae are a family of fish commonly called drums or croakers in reference to the repetitive throbbing or drumming sounds they make . 
cedrus :: cedrus ( common english name cedar ) is a genus of coniferous trees in the plant family pinaceae . 
fucking :: fucking may be : 
cactus :: a cactus ( plural : " cacti " , " cactuses " , or " cactus " ) is a member of the plant family cactaceae , a family comprising about 127 genera with some 1750 known species of the order caryophyllales . 
rsx-11 :: rsx-11 is a discontinued family of real - time operating systems mainly for pdp-11 computers created by digital equipment corporation ( dec ) , common in the late 1970s and early 1980s . 
guam :: guam (; chamorro : " " ) is an unincorporated and organized territory of the united states in micronesia in the western pacific ocean . 
physicist :: a physicist is a scientist who has specialized knowledge in the field of physics , which encompasses the interactions of matter and energy at all length and time scales in the physical universe . 
perodicticinae :: perodicticinae is the subfamily of lorisidae that includes the four species of african primates as shown under taxonomy below . 
alisanos :: in gallo - roman religion , alisanos or alisaunus was a local god worshipped in what is now the côte - d'or in burgundy and at aix - en - provence . 
silesia :: silesia (; ; ; ; silesian german : " schläsing " ; silesian : " ślůnsk " ; ; ; ) is a region of central europe located mostly in poland , with small parts in the czech republic and germany . 
lord :: lord is an appellation for a person or deity who has authority , control , or power over others acting like a master , a chief , or a ruler . 
hedonism :: hedonism is a school of thought that argues that pleasure and happiness are the primary or most important intrinsic goods and the proper aim of human life . 
ultra :: ultra was the designation adopted by british military intelligence in june 1941 for wartime signals intelligence obtained by breaking high - level encrypted enemy radio and teleprinter communications at the government code and cypher school ( gc&cs ) at bletchley park . 
porpoise :: porpoises are a group of fully aquatic marine mammals that are sometimes referred to as mereswine , all of which are classified under the family phocoenidae , parvorder odontoceti ( toothed whales ) . 
balalaika :: the balalaika ( , ) is a russian stringed musical instrument with a characteristic triangular wooden , hollow body and three strings . 
laurales :: the laurales are an order of flowering plants . they are magnoliids , related to the magnoliales . 
deism :: deism ( or ; derived from latin " deus " meaning " god " ) is a philosophical position that posits that a god does not interfere directly with the world . 
fog :: fog consists of visible cloud water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the air at or near the earth 's surface . 
adelaide :: adelaide ( ) is the capital city of the state of south australia , and the fifth - most populous city of australia . 
stormbringer :: stormbringer is a magic sword featured in a number of fantasy stories by the author michael moorcock . 
montoneros :: montoneros ( ) was an argentine leftist terrorist and urban guerrilla group , active during the 1960s and 1970s . 
astydamia :: astydamia is a genus of flowering plant in the apiaceae , with 2 species . 
omphalos :: an omphalos is a religious stone artifact , or baetylus . 
calaquendi :: in the fictional universe of j. r. r. tolkien , calaquendi means in quenya " light - folk " , but was often translated " elves of the light " . 
bicarbonate :: in inorganic chemistry , bicarbonate ( iupac - recommended nomenclature : hydrogencarbonate ) is an intermediate form in the deprotonation of carbonic acid . 
friction :: friction is the force resisting the relative motion of solid surfaces , fluid layers , and material elements sliding against each other . 
smallfilms :: smallfilms is a british television producution company which made animated tv programmes for children from 1959 until the 1980s . 
ineffability :: ineffability is concerned with ideas that can not or should not be expressed in spoken words ( or language in general ) , often being in the form of a taboo or incomprehensible term . 
dhole :: the dhole ( " cuon alpinus " ) is a canid native to central , south and southeast asia . 
xylophone :: the xylophone ( from the greek words —"xylon " , " wood " + —"phōnē " , " sound , voice " , meaning " wooden sound " ) is a musical instrument in the percussion family that consists of wooden bars struck by mallets . 
spes :: in ancient roman religion , spes ( pronounced ) was the goddess of hope . 
deerhurst :: deerhurst is a village near tewkesbury in gloucestershire , england on the east bank of the river severn . 
liber :: in ancient roman religion and mythology , liber ( " the free one " ; ) , also known as liber pater ( " the free father " ) , was a god of viticulture and wine , fertility and freedom . 
asgard :: in norse religion , asgard (; " enclosure of the æsir " ) is one of the nine worlds and home to the æsir tribe of gods . 
northampton :: northampton is the county town of northamptonshire in the east midlands of england . 
graptolithina :: graptolithina is a class of hemichordate animal , the members of which are known as graptolites . 
rutile :: rutile is a mineral composed primarily of titanium dioxide , tio. rutile is the most common natural form of tio. three rarer polymorphs of tio are known : rutile has one of the highest refractive indices at visible wavelengths of any known crystal and also exhibits a particularly large birefringence and high dispersion . 
saaremaa :: saaremaa (; danish : øsel ; english ( esp . traditionally ) : osel ; finnish : saarenmaa ; swedish & german : ösel ) is the largest island in estonia , measuring . 
gladius :: gladius (; , ) was one latin word for sword , and is used to represent the primary sword of ancient roman foot soldiers . 
textedit :: textedit is a simple , open source word processor and text editor , first featured in next 's nextstep and openstep . 
bastia :: bastia ( ) ( , ) is a french commune in the haute - corse department of france located in the north - east of the island of corsica at the base of cap corse . 
florence :: florence ( ; ) is the capital city of the italian region of tuscany . 
camel :: a camel is an even - toed ungulate in the genus camelus , bearing distinctive fatty deposits known as " humps " on its back . 
amathus :: amathus or amathous ( ) was an ancient city and one of the ancient royal cities of cyprus until about 300 bc . 
chronos :: chronos (; , " time " , , also transliterated as " khronos " or latinised as chronus ) is the personification of time in pre - socratic philosophy and later literature . 
prefix :: a prefix is an affix which is placed before the stem of a word . 
thermocouple :: a thermocouple is an electrical device consisting of two dissimilar electrical conductors forming electrical junctions at differing temperatures . 
neopets :: neopets ( originally " neopets " ) is a virtual pet website . 
bijection :: in mathematics , a bijection , bijective function or one - to - one correspondence is a function between the elements of two sets , where each element of one set is paired with exactly one element of the other set , and each element of the other set is paired with exactly one element of the first set . 
liverpool :: liverpool ( ) is a city in north west england , with an estimated population of 478,580 in 2015 within the city of liverpool borough . 
individualism :: individualism is the moral stance , political philosophy , ideology , or social outlook that emphasizes the moral worth of the individual . 
anah :: anah or ana ( , " ʾāna " ) , formerly also known as anna , is an iraqi town on the euphrates river , approximately midway between the gulf of alexandretta and the persian gulf . 
lethe :: in greek mythology , lethe ( greek : , " lḗthē " ; , ) was one of the five rivers of the underworld of hades . 
fax :: fax ( short for facsimile ) , sometimes called telecopying or telefax ( the latter short for telefacsimile ) , is the telephonic transmission of scanned printed material ( both text and images ) , normally to a telephone number connected to a printer or other output device . 
gentrification :: gentrification is a process of renovation of deteriorated urban neighborhoods by means of the influx of more affluent residents . 
tide :: tides are the rise and fall of sea levels caused by the combined effects of the gravitational forces exerted by the moon and the sun and the rotation of earth . 
eärendil :: eärendil the mariner ( pronounced ) is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
susa :: susa (; " shush " ; ; " shushān " ; greek : σοῦσα ; " shush " ; old persian " çūšā " ) was an ancient city of the proto - elamite , elamite , first persian empire , seleucid , and parthian empires of iran , and one of the most important cities of the ancient near east . 
broch :: a broch ( ) is an iron age drystone hollow - walled structure of a type found only in scotland . 
coccolithophore :: a coccolithophore ( or coccolithophorid , from the adjective ) is a unicellular , eukaryotic phytoplankton ( alga ) . 
cpan :: the comprehensive perl archive network ( cpan ) is a repository of over 250,000 software modules and accompanying documentation for 39,000 distributions , written in the perl programming language by over 12,000 contributors . 
pankration :: pankration ( or ) ( greek : παγκράτιον ) was a sporting event introduced into the greek olympic games in 648 bc and was an empty - hand submission sport with scarcely any rules . 
garmr :: in norse mythology , garmr or garm ( old norse " rag " ) is a wolf or dog associated with both hel and ragnarök , and described as a blood - stained guardian of hel 's gate . 
fx-87 :: fx-87 is a polymorphic typed functional language based on a system for static program analysis in which every expression has two static properties : a type and an effect . 
cupola :: in architecture , a cupola is a relatively small , most often dome - like , tall structure on top of a building . 
banjul :: banjul , officially the city of banjul and formerly known as bathurst , is the capital of the gambia and is in a division of the same name . 
endovelicus :: endovelicus ( also " endouellicus " , " endovélico " in portuguese ) , was an iron age god of public health and safety , worshipped in pre - roman and roman lusitania and gallaecia . 
talc :: talc or talcum is a clay mineral composed of hydrated magnesium silicate with the chemical formula hmg(sio ) or mgsio(oh ) . 
managua :: managua ( ) is the capital city of nicaragua as well as of the department of the same name . 
tapiola :: tapiola (; ) is a district of the municipality of espoo on the south coast of finland , and is one of the major urban centres of espoo . 
martinair :: martinair , legally " martinair holland n.v. " , is a dutch cargo airline headquartered and based at amsterdam airport schiphol and a subsidiary of air france - klm . 
alcamo :: alcamo ( sicilian : àrcamu ) is the fourth - largest town in the province of trapani in sicily , with a population of 45,307 inhabitants . 
laocoön :: laocoön (; , ) , the son of acoetes , is a figure in greek and roman mythology and the epic cycle . 
threonine :: threonine ( abbreviated as thr or t ) is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
banana :: the banana is an edible fruit – botanically a berry – produced by several kinds of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus " musa " . 
ammon :: ammon (; ) was an iron age semitic - speaking nation occupying the east of the jordan river , between the torrent valleys of arnon and jabbok , in present - day jordan . 
refrigeration :: refrigeration is a process of removing heat from a low - temperature reservoir and transferring it to a high - temperature reservoir . 
subalgebra :: in mathematics , a subalgebra is a subset of an algebra , closed under all its operations , and carrying the induced operations 
seraiah :: seraiah or sraya ( שְׂרָיָה " soldier / prince of / is the lord " , standard hebrew səraya , tiberian hebrew śərāyāh ) is the name of several people mentioned in the hebrew bible : 
falles :: the falles ( , sing . " falla " ; ) is a traditional celebration held in commemoration of saint joseph in the city of valencia , spain . 
monophysitism :: monophysitism ( or ; greek : μονοφυσιτισμός ; late koine greek from μόνος " monos " , " only , single " and φύσις " physis " , " nature " ) is the christological position that , after the union of the divine and the human in the historical incarnation , jesus christ , as the incarnation of the eternal son or word ( " logos " ) of god , had only a single " nature " which was either divine or a synthesis of divine and human . 
scrabble :: scrabble is a word game in which two to four players score points by placing tiles bearing a single letter onto a board divided into a 15×15 grid of squares . 
uruguay :: uruguay (; ) , officially the oriental republic of uruguay ( ) , is a sovereign state in the southeastern region of south america . 
taliesin :: taliesin ( 6th century ad ; ; ) was an early brythonic poet of sub - roman britain whose work has possibly survived in a middle welsh manuscript , the " book of taliesin " . 
doubs :: doubs (; arpitan : " dubs " ) is a department in the bourgogne - franche - comté region of eastern france named after the doubs river . 
andvaranaut :: in norse mythology , andvaranaut ( andvari 's gift ) , first owned by andvari , is a magical ring that can make gold . 
prophecy :: prophecy involves a process in which one or more messages are allegedly communicated by a god . 
ooty :: udagamandalam ( also ootacamund ( ) ) and abbreviated as udhagai and ooty ( is a town and municipality in the indian state of tamil nadu . 
jehonadab :: jehonadab (; meaning " jehovah is willing " ; latin : jonadab ) was the son of rechab . 
amiens :: amiens ( ) is a city and commune in northern france , north of paris and south - west of lille . 
integral :: in mathematics , an integral assigns numbers to functions in a way that can describe displacement , area , volume , and other concepts that arise by combining infinitesimal data . 
micah :: micah (; ) is a given name . 
wemic :: in the " dungeons & dragons " fantasy roleplaying game , the wemic is a fantastical hybrid creature with the upper body of a human and the lower body of a lion . 
oholiab :: in the hebrew bible , aholiab son of ahisamakh , of the tribe of dan , worked under bezalel as the deputy architect of the tabernacle and the implements which it housed , including the ark of the covenant . 
yottabyte :: the yottabyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
codec :: a codec is a device or computer program for encoding or decoding a digital data stream or signal . 
simpletext :: simpletext is the native text editor for the apple classic mac os . 
saluki :: the saluki , also known as persian greyhound , is a dog originally bred in the fertile crescent . 
beverly :: beverly or beverley is a given name that was at one time commonly a masculine given name but is now almost exclusively a feminine name . 
widukind :: widukind , also known as widuking or wittekind , was a germanic leader of the saxons and the chief opponent of the frankish king charlemagne during the saxon wars from 777 to 785 . 
adamant :: adamant and similar words are used to refer to any especially hard substance , whether composed of diamond , some other gemstone , or some type of metal . 
hesione :: in greek mythology and later art , the name hesione refers to various mythological figures , of whom the trojan princess hesione is most known . 
megapenthes :: in greek mythology , megapenthes ( " megapénthēs " ) is a name that refers to : he was a son of proetus and exchanged kingdoms ( argos for tiryns ) with his cousin perseus , whom he killed much later . 
paracetamol :: paracetamol , also known as acetaminophen or apap , is a medication used to treat pain and fever . 
murder :: murder is the unlawful killing of another human without justification or valid excuse , especially the unlawful killing of another human being with malice aforethought . 
zouave :: the zouaves ( ) were a class of light infantry regiments of the french army serving between 1830 and 1962 and linked to french north africa , as well as some units of other countries modelled upon them . 
tat-4 :: tat-4 was at&t corporation 's fourth transatlantic telephone cable . 
cyberpunk :: cyberpunk is a subgenre of science fiction in a future setting that tends to focus on " a combination of low life and high tech " featuring advanced technological and scientific achievements , such as artificial intelligence and cybernetics , juxtaposed with a degree of breakdown or radical change in the social order . 
monotheism :: monotheism has been defined as the belief in the existence of only one god that created the world , is all - powerful and intervenes in the world . 
striatum :: the striatum ( also the neostriatum and the striate nucleus ) is one of the nuclei in the subcortical basal ganglia of the forebrain . 
restaurant :: a restaurant ( or ; ) , or an eatery , is a business which prepares and serves food and drinks to customers in exchange for money . 
fiji :: fiji ( ; ; fiji hindi : फ़िजी ) , officially the republic of fiji (; fiji hindi : फ़िजी गणराज्य ) , is an island country in melanesia in the south pacific ocean about northeast of new zealand 's north island . 
vilnius :: vilnius ( , see also other names ) is the capital of lithuania and its largest city , with a population of 542,664 . 
urania :: urania (; , " ourania " ; meaning " heavenly " or " of heaven " ) , also spelt uranus , was , in greek mythology , the muse of astronomy . 
bluetooth :: bluetooth is a wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances ( using short - wavelength uhf radio waves in the ism band from 2.4 to 2.485 ghz ) from fixed and mobile devices , and building personal area networks ( pans ) . 
acoustics :: acoustics is the branch of physics that deals with the study of all mechanical waves in gases , liquids , and solids including topics such as vibration , sound , ultrasound and infrasound . 
survivability :: survivability is the ability to remain alive or continue to exist . 
extremophile :: an extremophile ( from latin ' meaning " extreme " and greek ' ( ) meaning " love " ) is an organism that thrives in physically or geochemically extreme conditions that are detrimental to most life on earth . 
idiom :: an idiom ( , " special property " , from , " special feature , special phrasing , a peculiarity " , f. , " one 's own " ) is a phrase or an expression that has a figurative , or sometimes literal , meaning . categorized as formulaic language 
supermodel :: a supermodel ( also spelled super - model and super model ) is a highly paid fashion model who usually has a worldwide reputation and often a background in haute couture and commercial modeling . 
transhumanism :: transhumanism ( abbreviated as h+ or h+ ) is an international intellectual movement that aims to transform the human condition by developing and making widely available sophisticated technologies to greatly enhance human intellect and physiology . 
citrullus :: citrullus is a genus of seven species of desert vines , among which " citrullus lanatus " ( the watermelon ) is an important crop . 
clinton :: clinton is a british surname , indicating one 's ancestors came from english places called glympton or glinton . 
gemstone :: a gemstone ( also called a gem , fine gem , jewel , precious stone , or semi - precious stone ) is a piece of mineral crystal which , in cut and polished form , is used to make jewelry or other adornments . 
alligatoridae :: the family alligatoridae of crocodylians includes alligators and caimans . 
hawkwind :: hawkwind are an english rock band and one of the earliest space rock groups . 
octal :: the octal numeral system , or oct for short , is the base-8 number system , and uses the digits 0 to 7 . 
allele :: an allele ( /əˈliːl/ ) is a variant form of a given gene . 
caesarion :: ptolemy xv philopator philometor caesar ( , " ptolemaĩos philopátōr philomḗtōr kaĩsar " ≈ ptolemy , beloved of his father , beloved of his mother , caesar ; june 23 , 47 bc – august 23 , 30 bc ) , better known by the nicknames caesarion (; καισαρίων , " kaisaríōn " ≈ little caesar ; ) and ptolemy caesar (; , " ptolemaios kaisar " ; ) , was the last pharaoh of egypt . 
abc :: abc are the first three letters of the latin script known as the alphabet . 
carman :: in celtic mythology , carman or carmun was a warrior - woman and sorceress from athens who tried to invade ireland in the days of the tuatha dé danann , along with her three sons , dub ( " black " ) , dother ( " evil " ) and dian ( " violence " ) . 
maine-et-loire :: maine - et - loire ( ) is a department in west - central france , in the pays de la loire region . 
racing :: in sport , racing is a competition of speed , against an objective criterion , usually a clock or to a specific point . 
meleagrids :: in greek mythology , the meleagrids ( ) were the daughters of althaea and oeneus , sisters of meleager . 
p :: p ( named " pee " ) is the 16th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
orbit :: in physics , an orbit is the gravitationally curved trajectory of an object , such as the trajectory of a planet around a star or a natural satellite around a planet . 
molière :: jean - baptiste poquelin , known by his stage name molière ( or ; ; 15 january 162217 february 1673 ) , was a french playwright and actor who is considered to be one of the greatest masters of comedy in western literature . 
gildas :: gildas ( breton : " gweltaz " , c. 500–570 ) — also known as gildas the wise or gildas sapiens — was a 6th - century british monk best known for his scathing religious polemic " de excidio et conquestu britanniae " , which recounts the history of the britons before and during the coming of the saxons . 
cd-r :: cd - r ( compact disc - recordable ) is a digital optical disc storage format . 
tokyo :: tokyo ( , ) , officially tokyo metropolis , is the capital city of japan and one of its 47 prefectures . 
amway :: amway ( short for " american way " ) is an american company specializing in the use of multi - level marketing to sell health , beauty , and home care products . 
winchester :: winchester is a city and the county town of hampshire , england . 
nerio :: in ancient roman religion and myth , nerio was an ancient war goddess and the personification of valor . 
aquileia :: aquileia (; ; , venetian : aquiłeja / aquiłegia , , ) is an ancient roman city in italy , at the head of the adriatic at the edge of the lagoons , about from the sea , on the river natiso ( modern natisone ) , the course of which has changed somewhat since roman times . 
tabard :: a tabard is a short coat common for men during the middle ages . 
incunable :: an incunable , or sometimes incunabulum ( plural incunables or incunabula , respectively ) , is a book , pamphlet , or broadside ( such as the " almanach cracoviense ad annum 1474 " ) that was printed — not handwritten — before the year 1501 in europe . 
synergy :: synergy is the creation of a whole that is greater than the simple sum of its parts . 
didgeridoo :: the didgeridoo ( ) ( also known as a didjeridu ) is a wind instrument developed by indigenous australians of northern australia potentially within the last 1,500 years and still in widespread use today both in australia and around the world . 
inuus :: in ancient roman religion , inuus was a god , or aspect of a god , who embodied sexual intercourse . 
earthquake :: an earthquake ( also known as a quake , tremor or temblor ) is the shaking of the surface of the earth , resulting from the sudden release of energy in the earth 's lithosphere that creates seismic waves . 
mir :: mir ( , ; lit . 
scansano :: scansano is a town and comune , of medieval origin , in the tuscan province of grosseto , italy . 
baucis :: baucis means several things : 
telefónica :: telefónica , s.a. ( ) is a spanish multinational broadband and telecommunications provider with operations in europe , asia , and north , central and south america . 
lipogram :: a lipogram ( from , " leipográmmatos " , " leaving out a letter " ) is a kind of constrained writing or word game consisting of writing paragraphs or longer works in which a particular letter or group of letters is avoided — usually a common vowel , and frequently " e " , the most common letter in the english language . 
araceae :: the araceae are a family of monocotyledonous flowering plants in which flowers are borne on a type of inflorescence called a spadix . 
orléans :: orléans (; ) is a city in north - central france , about southwest of paris . 
snow :: snow refers to forms of ice crystals that precipitate from the atmosphere ( usually from clouds ) and undergo changes on the earth 's surface . 
iduna :: iduna can mean several things : 
zygnematales :: the zygnematales ( ( " zygós " ) and νῆμα ( " nḗma " ) ( nom . ) , νήματος ( " nḗmatos " ) ( gen . ) ) , also called the conjugatales , are an order of green algae , comprising several thousand different species in two families . 
triple :: triple is used in several contexts to mean " threefold " or a " treble " : 
conjunctivitis :: conjunctivitis , also known as pink eye , is inflammation of the outermost layer of the white part of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelid . 
alum :: the alums are a class of chemical compounds . 
cheirogaleidae :: the cheirogaleidae are the family of strepsirrhine primates containing the various dwarf and mouse lemurs . 
warmia :: warmia ( , latin : " varmia " , , old prussian : " wārmi " , ) is a historical region in northern poland . 
stilicho :: flavius stilicho ( occasionally written as stilico ; c. 359 – 22 august 408 ) was a high - ranking general ( " magister militum " ) in the roman army who became , for a time , the most powerful man in the western roman empire . 
charites :: in greek mythology , a charis (; , ) or grace is one of three or more minor goddesses of charm , beauty , nature , human creativity , and fertility , together known as the charites ( ) or graces . 
sherden :: the sherden ( egyptian " šrdn " , " š3rd3n3 " or " š3rdyn3 " , ugaritic " šrdnn(m ) " and " trtn(m ) " , possibly akkadian " še – er – ta – an – nu " ; also glossed “ shardana ” or 
vacuum :: vacuum is space void of matter . 
wiltshire :: wiltshire ( or ) is a county in south west england with an area of . 
minotaur :: in greek mythology , the minotaur ( , ; , , etruscan : " θevrumineś " ) was a creature with the head of a bull and the body of a man or , as described by roman poet ovid , a being " part man and part bull " . 
dumnonii :: the dumnonii or dumnones were a british tribe who inhabited dumnonia , the area now known as devon and cornwall ( and some areas of present - day dorset and somerset ) in the further parts of the south west peninsula of britain , from at least the iron age up to the early saxon period . 
netlist :: in electronic design , a netlist is a description of the connectivity of an electronic circuit . 
shekhinah :: the shekhina(h ) ( also spelled shekina(h ) , schechina(h ) , or shechina(h ) ) ( ) is the english transliteration of a hebrew word meaning " dwelling " or " settling " and denotes the dwelling or settling of the divine presence of god . 
waqf :: a waqf ( ) , also known as habous or " mortmain " property , is an inalienable charitable endowment under islamic law , which typically involves donating a building , plot of land or other assets for muslim religious or charitable purposes with no intention of reclaiming the assets . 
blue :: blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory , as well as in the rgb colour model . 
stentor :: in greek mythology , stentor ( greek : στέντωρ ; " gen " . : 
hittites :: the hittites ( ) were an ancient anatolian people who established an empire centered on hattusa in north - central anatolia around 1600 bc . 
uranium :: uranium is a chemical element with symbol u and atomic number 92 . 
neuron :: a neuron ( or , also known as a neurone or nerve cell ) is an electrically excitable cell that receives , processes , and transmits information through electrical and chemical signals . 
abergavenny :: abergavenny (; , archaically " abergafenni " meaning " mouth of the river gavenny " ) is a market town in monmouthshire , wales . 
pyrenees :: the pyrenees (; , , , , , ) is a range of mountains in southwest europe that forms a natural border between france and spain . 
bdsm :: bdsm is a variety of often erotic practices or roleplaying involving bondage , discipline , dominance and submission , sadomasochism , and other related interpersonal dynamics . 
pamphylia :: pamphylia ( , ) was a former region in the south of asia minor , between lycia and cilicia , extending from the mediterranean to mount taurus ( modern - day antalya province , turkey ) . 
kanaris :: kanaris may mean : 
rotation :: a rotation is a circular movement of an object around a center ( or point ) of rotation . 
duck :: duck is the common name for a large number of species in the waterfowl family anatidae , which also includes swans and geese . 
bharatanatyam :: bharatanatyam , sometimes referred to as bharathanatiyam or sadir , is a major genre of indian classical dance that originated in tamil nadu . 
nemertea :: nemertea is a phylum of invertebrate animals also known as " ribbon worms " or " proboscis worms " . 
gamera :: gamera ( ガメラ ) is a fictional giant monster or kaiju originating from a series of japanese tokusatsu films of the same name . 
emerald :: emerald is a gemstone and a variety of the mineral beryl ( beal(sio ) ) colored green by trace amounts of chromium and sometimes vanadium . 
brassicaceae :: brassicaceae or cruciferae is a medium - sized and economically important family of flowering plants commonly known as the mustards , the crucifers , or the cabbage family . 
utilitarianism :: utilitarianism is an ethical theory which states that the best action is the one that maximizes utility . 
sumba :: sumba ( ) is an island in eastern indonesia . 
aigues-mortes :: aigues - mortes ( ) is a french commune in the gard department in the occitanie region of southern france . 
camprodon :: camprodon ( , ; from " camp rodó " " round field " , ultimately from latin " campus rotundus " ) is a small town in the comarca of ripollès in girona , catalonia , spain , located in the pyrenees , near the french border . 
galatia :: ancient galatia (; ) was an area in the highlands of central anatolia ( ankara , çorum , yozgat province ) in modern turkey . 
zingiberaceae :: zingiberaceae ( ) or the ginger family is a family of flowering plants made up of about 50 genera with a total of about 1600 known species of aromatic perennial herbs with creeping horizontal or tuberous rhizomes distributed throughout tropical africa , asia , and the americas . 
selene :: in greek mythology , selene (; ' moon ' ; ) is the goddess of the moon . 
datagram :: a datagram is a basic transfer unit associated with a packet - switched network . 
interdisciplinarity :: interdisciplinarity involves the combining of two or more academic disciplines into one activity ( e.g. , a research project ) . 
characidae :: characidae , the characids or characins is a family of freshwater subtropical and tropical fish , belonging to the order characiformes . 
genus :: a genus ( , genera ) is a taxonomic rank used in the biological classification of living and fossil organisms in biology . 
fertilisation :: fertilisation or fertilization ( see spelling differences ) , also known as generative fertilisation , conception , fecundation , syngamy and impregnation , is the fusion of gametes to initiate the development of a new individual organism . 
aardwolf :: the aardwolf ( " proteles cristata " ) is a small , insectivorous mammal , native to east and southern africa . 
fujitsu :: , commonly referred to as fujitsu , is a japanese multinational information technology equipment and services company headquartered in tokyo , japan . 
kanji :: kanji (; ) are the adopted logographic chinese characters ( ' ) that are used in the modern japanese writing system along with hiragana and katakana . 
caligula :: caligula (; latin : " gaius julius caesar augustus germanicus " ; 31 august ad 12 – 24 january ad 41 ) , formally known as gaius caesar , was roman emperor from ad 37 to ad 41 . 
pantalone :: pantalone , spelled pantaloon in english , is one of the most important principal characters found in commedia dell'arte . 
acquire :: acquire is a multi - player mergers and acquisitions themed board game . 
homs :: homs (; 
acting :: acting is an activity in which a story is told by means of its enactment by an actor or actress who adopts a character — in theatre , television , film , radio , or any other medium that makes use of the mimetic mode . 
creed :: a creed ( also known as a " confession " , " symbol " , or " statement of faith " ) is a statement of the shared beliefs of a religious community in the form of a fixed formula summarizing core tenets . 
kansas :: kansas is a u.s. state in the midwestern united states . 
skopje :: skopje ( , ) is the capital and largest city of the republic of macedonia . 
naiad :: in greek mythology , the naiads ( ancient greek : ναϊάδες ) are a type of female spirit , or nymph , presiding over fountains , wells , springs , streams , brooks and other bodies of fresh water . 
shub-niggurath :: shub - niggurath , often associated with the phrase “ 
ntfs :: ntfs ( " new technology file system " ) is a proprietary file system developed by microsoft . 
aweb :: aweb is a web browser for the amiga range of computers . 
chaldea :: chaldea ( ) or chaldaea was a semitic - speaking nation which existed between the late 10th or early 9th and mid-6th centuries bc , after which it and its people were absorbed and assimilated into babylonia . 
palermo :: palermo ( , sicilian : " palermu " , , from , " panormos " ) is a city of southern italy , the capital of both the autonomous region of sicily and the metropolitan city of palermo . 
cross-stitch :: cross - stitch is a form of sewing and a popular form of counted - thread embroidery in which x - shaped stitches in a tiled , raster - like pattern are used to form a picture . 
triassic :: the triassic ( ) is a geologic period and system which spans 50.9 million years from the end of the permian period 251.902 million years ago ( mya ) , to the beginning of the jurassic period mya . 
xslt :: xslt ( extensible stylesheet language transformations ) is a language for transforming xml documents into other xml documents , or other formats such as html for web pages , plain text or xsl formatting objects , which may subsequently be converted to other formats , such as pdf , postscript and png . 
militia :: a militia is generally an army or some other fighting organization of non - professional soldiers , citizens of a nation , or subjects of a state , who can be called upon for military service during a time of need , as opposed to a professional force of regular , full - time military personnel , or historically , members of a warrior nobility class ( e.g. , knights or samurai ) . 
fritigern :: fritigern or fritigernus ( died ca . 
chiptune :: chiptune , also known as chip music or 8-bit music , is synthesized electronic music which is made for programmable sound generator ( psg ) sound chips used in vintage computers , consoles , and arcade machines . 
steenbeck :: steenbeck is a company that manufactures flatbed editors . 
macroevolution :: macroevolution is evolution on a scale at or above the level of species , in contrast with microevolution , which refers to smaller evolutionary changes of allele frequencies within a species or population . 
botswana :: botswana ( ) , officially the republic of botswana ( ) , is a landlocked country located in southern africa . 
license :: a license ( american english ) or licence ( british english ) is an official permission or permit to do , use , or own something ( as well as the document of that permission or permit ) . 
b-tree :: in computer science , a b - tree is a self - balancing tree data structure that keeps data sorted and allows searches , sequential access , insertions , and deletions in logarithmic time . 
joab :: joab ( hebrew " yo'av " yôʼāḇ ) the son of zeruiah , was the nephew of king david and the commander of his army , according to the hebrew bible . 
poultry :: poultry ( ) are domesticated birds kept by humans for their eggs , their meat or their feathers . 
hampshire :: hampshire ( , ; abbreviated hants ) is a county on the southern coast of england in the united kingdom . 
cjd :: cjd can mean : 
retinopathy :: retinopathy is any damage to the retina of the eyes , which may cause vision impairment . 
electroporation :: electroporation , or electropermeabilization , is a microbiology technique in which an electrical field is applied to cells in order to increase the permeability of the cell membrane , allowing chemicals , drugs , or dna to be introduced into the cell . 
myrinet :: myrinet , ansi / vita 26 - 1998 , is a high - speed local area networking system designed by the company myricom to be used as an interconnect between multiple machines to form computer clusters . 
pierus :: pierus ( ) , in greek mythology , is a name attributed to two individuals : 
operand :: in mathematics an operand is the object of a mathematical operation , i.e. it is the quantity that is operated on . 
ajaccio :: ajaccio (; ; ; , ) is a french commune , prefecture of the department of corse - du - sud , and head office of the " collectivité territoriale de corse " ( capital city of corsica ) . 
thatcherism :: thatcherism describes the conviction politics , economic , social policy and political style of the british conservative party politician margaret thatcher , who was leader of her party from 1975 to 1990 . 
microscope :: a microscope ( from the , " mikrós " , " small " and , " skopeîn " , " to look " or " see " ) is an instrument used to see objects that are too small to be seen by the naked eye . 
pheme :: in greek mythology , pheme ( ; greek : , roman equivalent : fama ) , also known as ossa , was the personification of fame and renown , her favour being notability , her wrath being scandalous rumors . 
badalona :: badalona ( ) is a municipality to the immediate north east of barcelona in catalonia , spain . 
belgrade :: belgrade ( ; ; ; ) is the capital and largest city of serbia . 
freyr :: freyr ( old norse : lord ) , sometimes anglicized as frey , is a widely attested god associated with sacral kingship , virility and prosperity , with sunshine and fair weather , and pictured as a phallic fertility god in norse mythology . 
broadsheet :: a broadsheet is the largest newspaper format and is characterized by long vertical pages ( typically ) . 
vanir :: in norse religion , the vanir (; singular vanr ) are a group of gods associated with fertility , wisdom , nature , magic , and the ability to see the future . 
metabus :: in roman mythology , king metabus of the volsci was the father of camilla . 
fortune-telling :: fortune - telling is the practice of predicting information about a person 's life . 
amblycera :: the amblycera are a large suborder of chewing lice , parasitic on both birds and mammals . 
loudspeaker :: a loudspeaker ( or loud - speaker or speaker ) is an electroacoustic transducer ; which converts an electrical audio signal into a corresponding sound . 
balaguer :: balaguer ( , ) is the capital of the " comarca " of noguera , in the province of lleida , catalonia , spain . 
valinor :: valinor ( " land of the valar " ) is a fictional location in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium , the realm of the valar in aman . 
hermaphroditus :: in greek mythology , hermaphroditus or hermaphroditos ( ) was the son of aphrodite and hermes . 
ramen :: the origin of ramen is unclear . 
cassowary :: cassowaries ( ) are ratites ( flightless birds without a keel on their sternum bone ) in the genus " casuarius " and are native to the tropical forests of new guinea ( papua new guinea and indonesia ) , nearby islands , and northeastern australia . 
sysop :: a sysop (; an abbreviation of system operator ) is an administrator of a multi - user computer system , such as a bulletin board system ( bbs ) or an online service virtual community . 
sennacherib :: sennacherib ( akkadian : sîn - ahhī - erība , " sîn has replaced the brothers " ; ; ) was the king of assyria from 705 bce to 681 bce . 
ediacaran :: the ediacaran period ( ) , spans 94 million years from the end of the cryogenian period 635 million years ago ( mya ) , to the beginning of the cambrian period 541 mya . 
bokken :: a bokken ( , " bok(u ) " , " wood " , and " ken " , " sword " ) ( or a " bokutō " , as they are instead called in japan ) is a japanese wooden sword used for training . 
mushroom :: a mushroom ( or toadstool ) is the fleshy , spore - bearing fruiting body of a fungus , typically produced above ground on soil or on its food source . 
metallica :: metallica is an american heavy metal band from los angeles , california . 
opal :: opal is a hydrated amorphous form of silica ( sio·"n"ho ) ; its water content may range from 3 to 21% by weight , but is usually between 6 and 10% . because of its amorphous character , it is classed as a mineraloid , unlike crystalline forms of silica , which are classed as minerals . 
auk :: an auk or alcid is a bird of the family alcidae in the order charadriiformes . 
manorialism :: manorialism was an essential element of feudal society . 
cretheus :: in greek mythology , cretheus (; " krētheus " ) was the king and founder of iolcus , the son of aeolus ( son of hellen ) and enarete . 
nascio :: in roman mythology , nascio ( latin : " birth " ) was one of many goddesses of birth , and a protector of infants . 
zagazig :: zagazig ( " " , ) is a city in lower egypt . 
wavelength :: in physics , the wavelength of a sinusoidal wave is the spatial period of the wave — the distance over which the wave 's shape repeats , and thus the inverse of the spatial frequency . 
standardization :: standardization or standardisation is the process of implementing and developing technical standards based on the consensus of different parties that include firms , users , interest groups , standards organizations and governments standardization can help to maximize compatibility , interoperability , safety , repeatability , or quality . 
bitola :: bitola ( known also by several alternative names ) is a city in the southwestern part of the republic of macedonia . 
unbinilium :: unbinilium , also known as eka - radium or simply element 120 , is the hypothetical chemical element in the periodic table with symbol ubn and atomic number 120 
gymir :: in norse mythology , gymir was a giant whose daughter , gerðr , married the god freyr . 
mu-metal :: mu - metal is a nickel – iron soft magnetic alloy with very high permeability , which is used for shielding sensitive electronic equipment against static or low - frequency magnetic fields . 
saint :: a saint ( also historically known as a hallow ) is a person who is recognized as having an exceptional degree of holiness or likeness or closeness to god . 
abacus :: the abacus ( " plural " abaci or abacuses ) , also called a counting frame , is a calculating tool that was in use in europe , china and russia , centuries before the adoption of the written hindu – arabic numeral system . 
propane :: propane ( ) is a three - carbon alkane with the molecular formula ch . 
robbery :: robbery is the crime of taking or attempting to take anything of value by force , threat of force or by putting the victim in fear . 
epiphenomenon :: an epiphenomenon ( plural : epiphenomena ) is a secondary phenomenon that occurs alongside or in parallel to a primary phenomenon . 
boii :: the boii ( latin plural , singular " boius " ; ) were a gallic tribe of the later iron age , attested at various times in cisalpine gaul ( northern italy ) , pannonia ( hungary and its western neighbours ) , parts of bavaria , in and around bohemia ( after whom the region is named in most languages ; comprising the bulk of the czech republic ) , and gallia narbonensis . 
antigonae :: antigonae ( " antigone " ) , written by carl orff , was first presented on 9 august 1949 under the direction of ferenc fricsay in the felsenreitschule , salzburg , austria , as part of the salzburg festival . 
narconon :: narconon international ( commonly known as narconon ) is an organization that promotes the theories of scientology founder l. ron hubbard regarding substance abuse treatment and addiction . 
menilite :: menilite is a greyish - brown form of the mineraloid opal . 
magadan :: magadan ( ) is a port town and the administrative center of magadan oblast , russia , located on the sea of okhotsk in nagayev bay ( within taui bay ) and serving as a gateway to the kolyma region . 
pulsejet :: a pulsejet engine ( or pulse jet ) is a type of jet engine in which combustion occurs in pulses . 
pandareus :: in greek mythology , pandareus ( ) was the son of merops and a nymph . 
caelum :: caelum is a faint constellation in the southern sky , introduced in the 1750s by nicolas louis de lacaille and counted among the 88 modern constellations . 
flatulence :: flatulence is defined in the medical literature as " flatus expelled through the anus " or the " quality or state of being flatulent " , which is defined in turn as " marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach ; likely to cause digestive flatulence " . 
ericsson :: ericsson ( " telefonaktiebolaget l. m. ericsson " ) is a multinational networking and telecommunications equipment and services company headquartered in stockholm , sweden . 
agelasta :: in greek mythology , agelasta ( ἀγέλαστος in ancient greek or αγέλαστη modern greek " smile - less " ) was the name of the stone on which demeter rested during her search for persephone . 
boardsport :: boardsports are sports that are played with some sort of board as the primary equipment . 
nereus :: in greek mythology , nereus (; ) was the eldest son of pontus ( the sea ) and gaia ( the earth ) , who with doris fathered the nereids and nerites , with whom nereus lived in the aegean sea . 
coven :: a coven usually refers to a gathering of witches . 
filtration :: filtration is any of various mechanical , physical or biological operations that separate solids from fluids ( liquids or gases ) by adding a medium through which only the fluid can pass . 
jehoshaphat :: jehoshaphat (; alternatively spelled jehosaphat , josaphat , or yehoshafat ; ; ; ) is a biblical name which refers to several characters in the hebrew bible : the first , jehoshaphat the recorder , son of ahilud , is a scribe who first appears in 2 samuel . 
azawakh :: the azawakh is a sighthound livestock guardian breed of dog from west africa . 
roslagen :: roslagen is the name of the coastal areas of uppland province in sweden , which also constitutes the northern part of the stockholm archipelago . 
molasses :: molasses , or black treacle ( british , for human consumption ; known as molasses otherwise ) , is a viscous product resulting from refining sugarcane or sugar beets into sugar . 
e-commerce :: e - commerce is a transaction of buying or selling online . 
lillehammer :: lillehammer ( ) is a town and municipality in oppland county , norway . 
hooliganism :: hooliganism is disruptive or unlawful behavior such as rioting , bullying , and vandalism , normally used for people that commit the act during a sporting event . 
splenda :: splenda is the commercial name and registered trademark of a sucralose - based artificial sweetener owned by the american company heartland food products group and manufactured by the british company tate & lyle . 
arundo :: arundo is a genus of stout , perennial plants in the grass family . 
psychopomp :: psychopomps ( from the greek word ψυχοπομπός , " psuchopompos " , literally meaning the " guide of souls " ) are creatures , spirits , angels , or deities in many religions whose responsibility is to escort newly deceased souls from earth to the afterlife . 
geordie :: geordie is both a regional nickname for a person from the larger tyneside region of north east england and the name of the northern english dialect spoken by its inhabitants . 
alberobello :: alberobello (; literally " beautiful tree " ) is a small town and " comune " of the metropolitan city of bari , apulia , southern italy . 
pyridine :: pyridine is a basic heterocyclic organic compound with the chemical formula chn . 
manatee :: manatees ( family trichechidae , genus trichechus ) are large , fully aquatic , mostly herbivorous marine mammals sometimes known as sea cows . 
dragonflight :: dragonflight is a science fiction novel by the american - irish author anne mccaffrey . 
xerxes :: xerxes is a male name . 
freedb :: freedb is a database of compact disc track listings , where all the content is under the gnu general public license . 
mnemonic :: a mnemonic ( , the first " m " is silent ) device , or memory device , is any learning technique that aids information retention in the human memory . 
volcanism :: volcanism is the phenomenon of eruption of molten rock ( magma ) onto the surface of the earth or a solid - surface planet or moon , where lava , pyroclastics and volcanic gases erupt through a break in the surface called a vent . 
plautus :: titus maccius plautus ( c. 254 – 184 bc ) , commonly known as plautus , was a roman playwright of the old latin period . 
dymas :: in greek mythology , dymas ( ancient greek : δύμας ) is the name attributed to the following individuals : 
kapellmeister :: in german - speaking countries during the approximate period 1500–1800 , the word kapellmeister often designated the director of music for a monarch or nobleman . 
cinnamon :: cinnamon ( ) is a spice obtained from the inner bark of several tree species from the genus " cinnamomum " . 
y-wing :: the y - wing is a fictional galactic republic , rebel alliance and new republic starfighter in the " star wars " franchise . 
sigmund :: in norse mythology , sigmund ( old norse : sigmundr ) is a hero whose story is told in the völsunga saga . 
oelde :: oelde ( ) is a town in the district of warendorf , in north rhine - westphalia , germany . 
evolutionism :: evolutionism was a common 19th century belief that organisms inherently improve themselves through progressive inherited change over time ( orthogenesis ) , and increase in complexity through evolution . 
hamburg :: hamburg ( , ; low german / low saxon : " hamborg " ) , officially the free and hanseatic city of hamburg ( ) , is the second largest city and a state of germany , with a population of over 1.7 million people . 
monopoly :: a monopoly ( from greek μόνος " mónos " [ " alone " or " single " ] and πωλεῖν " pōleîn " [ " to sell " ] ) exists when a specific person or enterprise is the only supplier of a particular commodity . 
testimony :: in law and in religion , testimony is a solemn attestation as to the truth of a matter . 
upcard :: an upcard is a face up playing card . 
christology :: christology ( from greek χριστός " khristós " and , " -logia " ) is the field of study within christian theology which is primarily concerned with the ontology of the person of jesus as recorded in the canonical gospels and the epistles of the new testament . 
cerebellum :: the cerebellum ( latin for " little brain " ) is a major feature of the hindbrain of all vertebrates . 
penelope :: in homer 's " odyssey " , penelope ( ; ) is the wife of odysseus , who is known for her fidelity to odysseus while he was absent , despite having many suitors . 
milwaukee :: milwaukee ( , ) is the largest city in the state of wisconsin and the fifth - largest city in the midwestern united states . 
metaphor :: a metaphor is a figure of speech that refers , for rhetorical effect , to one thing by mentioning another thing . 
hvac :: heating , ventilation , and air conditioning ( hvac ) is the technology of indoor and vehicular environmental comfort . 
banawá :: the banawá ( also banawa , banavá , jafí , kitiya , banauá ) are an indigenous group living along the banawá river in the amazonas state , brazil . 
admiralty :: the admiralty , formerly known as the office of the admiralty and marine affairs , was the government department responsible for the command of the royal navy first in the kingdom of england , second in the kingdom of great britain , and from 1801 - 1964 , the united kingdom and former british empire . 
anazarbus :: anazarbus ( , medieval ain zarba ; modern anavarza ; ) was an ancient cilician city and ( arch)bishopric , which remains a latin catholic titular see . 
security :: security is the degree of resistance to , or protection from , harm . 
biotic :: biotics describe living or once living components of a community ; for example organisms , such as plants and animals . 
s :: s ( named " ess " , plural " esses " ) is the 19th letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
gallipoli :: the gallipoli peninsula (; ; ) is located in the southern part of east thrace , the european part of turkey , with the aegean sea to the west and the dardanelles strait to the east . 
apsis :: an apsis (; plural apsides , greek : ἁψῖδες ) is an extreme point in an object 's orbit . 
gift :: a gift or a present is an item given to someone without the expectation of payment or return . 
rambutan :: the rambutan ( , taxonomic name : " nephelium lappaceum " ) is a medium - sized tropical tree in the family sapindaceae . 
clodius :: clodius is an alternate form of the roman " nomen " claudius , a patrician " gens " that was traditionally regarded as sabine in origin . 
lithium :: lithium ( from , " stone " ) is a chemical element with symbol li and atomic number 3 . 
lucan :: marcus annaeus lucanus ( november 3 , 39 ad – april 30 , 65 ad ) , better known in english as lucan ( ) , was a roman poet , born in corduba ( modern - day córdoba ) , in hispania baetica . 
triage :: triage ( or // ) is the process of determining the priority of patients ' treatments based on the severity of their condition . 
calreticulin :: calreticulin also known as calregulin , crp55 , cabp3 , calsequestrin - like protein , and endoplasmic reticulum resident protein 60 ( erp60 ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " calr " gene . 
sharp-p-complete :: for either type of reduction , 
modulus :: modulus is the diminutive from the latin word " modus " meaning measure or manner . 
amsterdam :: amsterdam (; ) is the capital and most populous municipality of the netherlands . 
harmonic :: a harmonic is any member of the harmonic series , a divergent infinite series . 
bikini :: a bikini is usually a women 's abbreviated two - piece swimsuit with a bra top for the chest and underwear cut below the navel . 
republicanism :: republicanism is an ideology of being a citizen in a state as a republic under which the people hold popular sovereignty . 
stratego :: stratego is a strategy board game for two players on a board of 10×10 squares . 
diomedes :: diomedes ( or ) or diomede (; ) is a hero in greek mythology , known for his participation in the trojan war . 
ethnology :: ethnology ( from the greek " ἔθνος " , " ethnos " meaning " nation " ) is the branch of anthropology that compares and analyzes the characteristics of different peoples and the relationship between them ( cf . 
canal :: canals and navigations are human - made channels for water conveyance ( supply ) , or to service water transport vehicles . 
kornilov :: kornilov ( ) and kornilova ( feminine ; ) is a common russian surname derived from the baptismal name kornil ( ) . 
ansonia :: ansonia is the name of some places in the united states of america : and in canada : other uses : 
iamus :: in greek mythology , iamus was the son of evadne , a daughter of poseidon , sired by apollo 
sequence :: in mathematics , a sequence is an enumerated collection of objects in which repetitions are allowed . 
ergative :: the term ergative is used in grammar in three different meanings : 
uracil :: uracil ( u ) is one of the four nucleobases in the nucleic acid of rna that are represented by the letters a , g , c and u. the others are adenine ( a ) , cytosine ( c ) , and guanine ( g ) . 
azimuth :: an azimuth ( ) ( from the pl . form of the arabic noun " السَّمْت " " as - samt " , meaning " the direction " ) is an angular measurement in a spherical coordinate system . 
heterochromatin :: heterochromatin is a tightly packed form of dna , which comes in multiple varieties . 
marsupial :: marsupials are any members of the mammalian infraclass marsupialia . 
ogg :: ogg is a free , open container format maintained by the xiph . 
sciron :: in greek mythology , sciron , also sceiron , skeirôn and scyron , (; gen . : 
hippocrene :: in greek mythology , hippocrene ( ἱππου κρήνης ) was a spring on mt. helicon . 
oz :: oz . is a common abbreviation for the ounce . 
fraus :: in roman mythology , fraus was the goddess or personification of treachery and fraud . 
nucleotide :: nucleotides are organic molecules that serve as the monomer units for forming the nucleic acid polymers deoxyribonucleic acid ( dna ) and ribonucleic acid ( rna ) , both of which are essential biomolecules in all life - forms on earth . 
rhine :: the rhine ( , , , , ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss - liechtenstein , swiss - austrian , swiss - german and then the franco - german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands . 
homininae :: homininae is a subfamily of hominidae . 
finistère :: finistère (; ) is a department of france in the extreme west of brittany . 
anoa :: anoa , also known as midget buffalo and sapiutan , are a subgenus of " bubalus " comprising two species native to indonesia : the mountain anoa ( " bubalus quarlesi " ) and the lowland anoa ( " bubalus depressicornis " ) . 
punctuation :: punctuation ( formerly sometimes called pointing ) is the use of spacing , conventional signs , and certain typographical devices as aids to the understanding and the correct reading , both silently and aloud , of handwritten and printed texts . 
anachronism :: an anachronism ( from the greek , " against " and , " time " ) is a chronological inconsistency in some arrangement , especially a juxtaposition of persons , events , objects , or customs from different periods of time . 
protesilaus :: in greek mythology , protesilaus ( , " prōtesilāos " ) was a hero in the " iliad " who was venerated at cult sites in thessaly and thrace . 
chlorine :: chlorine is a chemical element with symbol cl and atomic number 17 . 
sausage :: a sausage is a cylindrical meat product usually made from ground meat , often pork , beef , or veal , along with salt , spices and other flavourings , and breadcrumbs , with a skin around it . 
bookkeeping :: bookkeeping is the recording of financial transactions , and is part of the process of accounting in business . 
superdupont :: superdupont is a french comic strip created in 1972 by marcel gotlib and jacques lob , with the collaboration of alexis . 
aegialeus :: aegialeus ( also aegealeus , aigialeus , egialeus ; ) is the name of several individuals in greek mythology or literature : 
melete :: in greek mythology , melete ( μελέτη ) was one of the three original ( boeotian ) muses before the nine olympian muses were founded . 
everquest :: everquest is a 3d fantasy - themed massively multiplayer online role - playing game ( mmorpg ) released on march 16 , 1999 . 
flux :: flux describes the quantity which passes through a surface or substance . 
latvia :: latvia , ; ) , officially the republic of latvia ( ) , is a country in the baltic region of northern europe , one of the three baltic states . 
terraforming :: terraforming ( literally , " earth - shaping " ) of a planet , moon , or other body is the hypothetical process of deliberately modifying its atmosphere , temperature , surface topography or ecology to be similar to the environment of earth to make it habitable by earth - like life . 
aloadae :: in greek mythology , the aloadae ( ) or aloads ( " aloadai " ) were otus ( or otos ) ( ) and ephialtes ( ) , sons of iphimedia , wife of aloeus , by poseidon , whom she induced to make her pregnant by going to the seashore and disporting herself in the surf or scooping seawater into her bosom . 
ricinus :: ricinus communis , the castorbean or castor - oil - plant , is a species of perennial flowering plant in the spurge family , euphorbiaceae . 
universe :: the universe is all of space and time ( spacetime ) and its contents , which includes planets , moons , minor planets , stars , galaxies , the contents of intergalactic space and all matter and energy . 
centaurus :: centaurus is a bright constellation in the southern sky . 
ringdown :: in telephony , ringdown is a method of signaling an operator in which telephone ringing current is sent over the line to operate a lamp or cause the operation of a self - locking relay known as a " drop " . 
lgbt :: lgbt , or glbt , is an initialism that stands for lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender . 
pizza :: pizza is a yeasted flatbread typically topped with tomato sauce and cheese and baked in an oven . 
nanowire :: a nanowire is a nanostructure , with the diameter of the order of a nanometer ( 10 meters ) . 
hamas :: hamas ( arabic : حماس " ḥamās " , an acronym of حركة المقاومة الاسلامية " ḥarakat al - muqāwamah al-ʾislāmiyyah " islamic resistance movement ) is a palestinian sunni - islamic fundamentalist organization . 
snail :: snail is a common name loosely applied to shelled gastropods . 
dollar :: dollar ( often represented by the dollar sign $ ) is the name of more than twenty currencies , including ( ordered by population ) those of the united states , canada , australia , taiwan , hong kong , singapore , belize , new zealand , liberia , jamaica and namibia . 
unicos :: unicos is the name of a range of unix - like operating system variants developed by cray for its supercomputers . 
porcupinefish :: porcupinefish are fish belonging to the family diodontidae ( order tetraodontiformes ) , also commonly called blowfish and , sometimes , balloonfish and globefish . 
mycelium :: mycelium is the vegetative part of a fungus or fungus - like bacterial colony , consisting of a mass of branching , thread - like hyphae . 
vertumnus :: in roman mythology , vertumnus (; also " vortumnus " or " vertimnus " ) is the god of seasons , change and plant growth , as well as gardens and fruit trees . 
palantír :: a palantír ( " pl . " palantíri ) is a fictional magical artefact from j. r. r. tolkien 's fantasy legendarium . 
petroleum :: petroleum ( from : " rock " + " oleum " : " oil " . ) is a naturally occurring , yellow - to - black liquid found in geological formations beneath the earth 's surface . 
nobelium :: nobelium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol no and atomic number 102 . 
zingiberales :: the zingiberales are flowering plants forming one of four orders in the commelinids clade of monocots , together with its sister order , commelinales . 
backscratcher :: a backscratcher ( occasionally known as a scratch - back ) is a tool used , as the name would suggest , for relieving areas that can not easily be reached just by one 's own hands , typically the back . 
decathlon :: the decathlon is a combined event in athletics consisting of ten track and field events . 
asphalt :: asphalt ( ) , also known as bitumen ( uk english : , us english : ) is a sticky , black , and highly viscous liquid or semi - solid form of petroleum . 
puppis :: puppis is a constellation in the southern sky . 
bearshare :: bearshare was a peer - to - peer file sharing application originally created by free peers , inc. for microsoft windows and also a rebranded version of imesh by musiclab , llc , tightly integrated with their music subscription service . 
floorball :: floorball is a type of floor hockey with five players and a goalkeeper in each team . 
vandalism :: vandalism is " action involving deliberate destruction of or damage to public or private property . " 
aglaea :: aglaea ( ) or aglaïa (; " splendor , brilliant , shining one " ) is the name of several figures in greek mythology , the best known of which is one of the three charites or graces . 
naming :: naming is assigning a name to something . 
storyboard :: a storyboard is a graphic organizer in the form of illustrations or images displayed in sequence for the purpose of pre - visualizing a motion picture , animation , motion graphic or interactive media sequence . 
heelflip :: the heelflip ( a.k.a . heel or heelie ) , is an aerial skateboarding trick where the skateboarder kicks out in front of him / her flipping board 360 degrees along the board 's long axis . 
dalek :: the daleks ( ) are a fictional extraterrestrial race of mutants principally portrayed in the british science fiction television programme " doctor who " . 
bowls :: bowls or lawn bowls is a sport in which the objective is to roll biased balls so that they stop close to a smaller ball called a " jack " or " kitty " . 
directx :: microsoft directx is a collection of application programming interfaces ( apis ) for handling tasks related to multimedia , especially game programming and video , on microsoft platforms . 
tarot :: the tarot (; first known as trionfi and later as tarocchi , tarock , and others ) is a pack of playing cards , used from the mid-15th century in various parts of europe to play games such as italian tarocchini and french tarot . 
rationality :: rationality is the quality or state of being rational : based on or agreeable to reason . 
puritans :: the puritans were a group of english reformed protestants in the 16th and 17th centuries who sought to " purify " the church of england from its " catholic " practices , maintaining that the church of england was only partially reformed . 
semele :: semele (; " semelē " ) , in greek mythology , daughter of the boeotian hero cadmus and harmonia , was the mortal mother of dionysus by zeus in one of his many origin myths . 
sandpit :: a sandpit ( commonwealth countries ) or sandbox ( us / canada ) is a low , wide container or shallow depression filled with soft ( beach ) sand in which children can play . 
propulsion :: propulsion means to push forward or drive an object forward . 
homeobox :: a homeobox is a dna sequence , around 180 base pairs long , found within genes that are involved in the regulation of patterns of anatomical development ( morphogenesis ) in animals , fungi and plants . 
volleyball :: volleyball is a team sport in which two teams of six players are separated by a net . 
mishnah :: the mishnah or mishna (; , " study by repetition " , from the verb " shanah " , or " to study and review " , also " secondary " ) is the first major written redaction of the jewish oral traditions known as the " oral torah " . 
ramayana :: ramayana (; , " " , ) , originally titled as kaavyam ramayanam kritsnam sitaayaas charitham mahat , is an ancient indian epic poem which narrates the struggle of the divine prince rama to rescue his wife sita from the demon king ravana . 
otho :: otho (; ; 28 april 32 – 16 april 69 ) was roman emperor for three months , from 15 january to 16 april 69 . 
glycomics :: glycomics is the comprehensive study of glycomes ( the entire complement of sugars , whether free or present in more complex molecules of an organism ) , including genetic , physiologic , pathologic , and other aspects . 
taygete :: in classical greek mythology , taygete (; , , ) was a nymph , one of the pleiades according to the " bibliotheca " ( 3.10.1 ) and a companion of artemis , in her archaic role as " potnia theron " , " mistress of the animals " , with its likely roots in prehistory . 
cynortas :: in greek mythology , cynortas or cynortes ( ) was a king of sparta . 
cigfa :: cigfa ferch gwyn glohoyw ( middle welsh : " kigua " ) is a minor character in welsh mythology , the wife of king pryderi of dyfed . 
thersites :: in greek mythology , thersites ( greek : ) was a soldier of the greek army during the trojan war . 
harbor :: a harbor or harbour ( see spelling differences ) , also called a haven , is a body of water where ships , boats , and barges seek shelter from stormy weather , or are stored for future use . 
maserati :: maserati ( ) is an italian luxury vehicle manufacturer established on 1 december 1914 , in bologna . 
catfish :: catfish ( or catfishes ; order siluriformes or nematognathi ) are a diverse group of ray - finned fish . 
wargames :: wargames is a 1983 american cold war science fiction film written by lawrence lasker and walter f. parkes and directed by john badham . 
amstrad :: amstrad is a british electronics company . 
mitosis :: in cell biology , mitosis is a part of the cell cycle when replicated chromosomes are separated into two new nuclei . 
rzeszów :: rzeszów ( , ; , " ŕašiv " ; ( antiquated ) , ; , " rayshe " ) is the largest city in southeastern poland , with a population of 187,208 ( 2016 ) . 
a3d :: a3d ( aureal 3-dimensional ) was a technology developed by aureal semiconductor for use in their vortex line of pc sound chips to deliver three - dimensional sound through headphones , two or even four speakers . 
hematology :: hematology , also spelled haematology , is the branch of medicine concerned with the study of the cause , diagnosis , treatment , and prevention of diseases related to blood . 
tours :: tours ( ) is a city located in the centre - west of france . 
rolemaster :: rolemaster is a role - playing game published by iron crown enterprises . 
geyser :: a geyser (; or ) is a spring characterized by intermittent discharge of water ejected turbulently and accompanied by steam . 
uncaria :: uncaria is a genus of flowering plants in the family rubiaceae . 
eos :: in greek mythology , ēōs (; ionic and homeric greek , attic " éōs " , " dawn " , or ; aeolic " aúōs " , doric " āṓs " ) is a titaness and the goddess of the dawn , who rose each morning from her home at the edge of the oceanus . 
teotihuacan :: teotihuacan , also written teotihuacán ( , ) , is an ancient mesoamerican city located in a sub - valley of the valley of mexico , located in the state of mexico northeast of modern - day mexico city , known today as the site of many of the most architecturally significant mesoamerican pyramids built in the pre - columbian americas . 
cooking :: cooking or cookery is the art , technology and craft of preparing food for consumption with or without the use of heat . 
manitoba :: manitoba ( ) is a province at the longitudinal centre of canada . 
alphesiboea :: alphesiboea ( ancient greek : ἀλφεσιβοίας ) was the name of several characters in greek mythology : 
z-machine :: the z - machine is a virtual machine that was developed by joel berez and marc blank in 1979 and used by infocom for its text adventure games . 
roman :: a roman or romans is a thing or person of or from the city of rome . 
quickbasic :: microsoft quickbasic ( also qb ) is an integrated development environment ( or ide ) and compiler for the basic programming language that was developed by microsoft . 
bouches-du-rhône :: bouches - du - rhône (; occitan : " bocas de ròse " , lit . 
abiathar :: abiathar ( אֶבְיָתָר , " evyatar " , " the [ divine ] father is pre - eminent " or " father of plenty " ) , in the hebrew bible , son of ahimelech or ahijah , high priest at nob , the fourth in descent from eli ( 1 sam . 
psychotherapy :: psychotherapy is the use of psychological methods , particularly when based on regular personal interaction , to help a person change and overcome problems in desired ways . 
eskimo :: the eskimo are the indigenous peoples who have traditionally inhabited the northern circumpolar region from eastern siberia ( russia ) , across alaska ( united states ) , canada , and greenland . 
lust :: lust is a strong emotion or feeling . 
michigan :: michigan ( ) is a state in the great lakes and midwestern regions of the united states . 
simd :: single instruction , multiple data ( simd ) , is a class of parallel computers in flynn 's taxonomy . 
fulla :: in germanic mythology , fulla ( old norse , possibly " bountiful " ) or volla ( old high german ) is a goddess . 
socialism :: socialism is a range of economic and social systems characterised by social ownership and democratic control of the means of production , as well as the political theories and movements associated with them . 
galatea :: galatea is an ancient greek name meaning " she who is milk - white " . 
schumann :: schumann or schuman is a german surname . 
empusa :: empusa ( , " empousa " , of unknown meaning ) is a demigoddess of greek mythology . 
kittiwake :: the kittiwakes ( genus rissa ) are two closely related seabird species in the gull family laridae , the black - legged kittiwake ( " r. tridactyla " ) and the red - legged kittiwake ( " r. brevirostris " ) . 
oolong :: oolong ( ) ( ) is a traditional chinese tea ( " camellia sinensis ) " produced through a process including withering the plant under strong sun and oxidation before curling and twisting . 
aethalides :: aethalides ( ) was a son of hermes and eupolemeia , a daughter of myrmidon . 
sumac :: sumac ( " summāqāʾ " ( " red , red shift , turning red " ) , " summāq " ; , or ; also spelled sumach , sumaq ) is any one of about 35 species of flowering plants in the genus rhus and related genera , in the family anacardiaceae . the dried and powdered fruits are used as a spice in middle eastern cuisine . 
election :: an election is a formal group decision - making process by which a population chooses an individual to hold public office . 
asparagus :: asparagus , or garden asparagus , folk name sparrow grass , scientific name asparagus officinalis , is a spring vegetable , a flowering perennial plant species in the genus " asparagus " . 
westminster :: westminster ( ) is an area of central london within the city of westminster , part of the west end , on the north bank of the river thames . 
x.25 :: x.25 is an itu - t standard protocol suite for packet switched wide area network ( wan ) communication . 
metanira :: in greek mythology , metanira ( , metaneira or metaenira ; also meganeira ) was a queen of eleusis and wife of celeus . 
electricity :: electricity is the set of physical phenomena associated with the presence of electric charge . 
quatrain :: a quatrain is a type of stanza , or a complete poem , consisting of four lines . 
portmeirion :: portmeirion is a tourist village in gwynedd , north wales . 
cave :: a cave is a hollow place in the ground , specifically a natural underground space large enough for a human to enter . 
chad :: chad (; ' ; ) , officially the republic of chad ( ' ; " republic of the chad " ) , is a landlocked country in central africa . 
radiometry :: radiometry is a set of techniques for measuring electromagnetic radiation , including visible light . 
josephus :: titus flavius josephus (; 37 – 100 ) , ( ) born yosef ben matityahu ( , " yosef ben matityahu " ; ) , was a first - century romano - jewish scholar , historian and hagiographer , who was born in jerusalem — then part of roman judea — to a father of priestly descent and a mother who claimed royal ancestry . 
jetsprint :: jetsprint or sprint boat racing is a form of racing sport in which jetboats , with a crew of two , race individually against the clock through a twisting series of channels in less than a metre of water . 
othello :: othello ( " the tragedy of othello , the moor of venice ) " is a tragedy by william shakespeare , believed to have been written in 1603 . 
hohenstaufen :: the hohenstaufen , also called the staufer or staufen , were a dynasty of german kings ( 1138–1254 ) during the middle ages . 
cfront :: cfront was the original compiler for c++ ( then known as " c with classes " ) from around 1983 , which converted c++ to c ; developed by bjarne stroustrup . 
ms. :: " ms " or " ms. " ( normally , but also , or when unstressed ) is an english honorific used with the last name or full name of a woman , intended as a default form of address for women regardless of their marital status . 
henley-on-thames :: henley - on - thames is a historic market town and civil parish on the river thames in oxfordshire , england , northeast of reading , west of maidenhead and southeast of oxford . 
microeconomics :: microeconomics ( from greek prefix " mikro- " meaning " small " ) is a branch of economics that studies the behavior of individuals and firms in making decisions regarding the allocation of scarce resources and the interactions among these individuals and firms . 
blizzard :: a blizzard is a severe snowstorm characterized by strong sustained winds of at least and lasting for a prolonged period of time — typically three hours or more . 
oa :: oa is a fictional planet that lies at the center of the dc comics universe . 
ornithology :: ornithology is a branch of zoology that concerns the study of birds . 
poeciliidae :: the poeciliidae are a family of freshwater fishes of the order cyprinodontiformes , the tooth - carps , and include well - known live - bearing aquarium fish , such as the guppy , molly , platy , and swordtail . 
samaria :: samaria (; , ' , " šōmərôn " ; , ' – also known as , " ") is a name for the mountainous , central region of the ancient eastern mediterranean , based on the borders of the biblical northern kingdom of israel , and especially the israelite tribes of ephraim and manasseh . 
paris :: paris ( ) is the capital and most populous city of france , with an administrative - limits area of and a 2015 population of 2,229,621 . 
mayonnaise :: mayonnaise ( , or in ame also , and often abbreviated as mayo ) is a thick , creamy dressing often used as a condiment . 
sancus :: in ancient roman religion , sancus ( also known as sangus or semo sancus ) was a god of trust ( " fides " ) , honesty , and oaths . 
abraxas :: abraxas ( gk 
crystallography :: crystallography is a natural science with the scope of investigating matter in the crystalline state . 
mousse :: a mousse ( french ' foam ' ) is a soft prepared food that incorporates air bubbles to give it a light and airy texture . 
trimalchio :: trimalchio is a character in the 1st century ad roman work of fiction " satyricon " by petronius . 
asmara :: asmara ( ) known locally as asmera ( meaning " they [ feminine plural ] made them unite " in tigrinya ) , is the capital city and largest settlement in eritrea . 
nichiren :: nichiren ( 日蓮 ; 16 february 1222 – 13 october 1282 ) , born as , was a japanese buddhist priest who lived during the kamakura period ( 1185–1333 ) . 
asia :: asia ( ) is earth 's largest and most populous continent , located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres . 
chardonnay :: chardonnay ( ) is a green - skinned grape variety used in the production of white wine . 
spirotrich :: the spirotrichs are a large and distinctive group of ciliate protozoa . 
physiology :: physiology (; ) is the scientific study of normal mechanisms , and their interactions , which works within a living system . 
liberalitas :: in ancient roman culture , liberalitas was the virtue of giving freely ( from " liber " , " free " ) , hence generosity . 
excalibur :: excalibur , or caliburn , is the legendary sword of king arthur , sometimes also attributed with magical powers or associated with the rightful sovereignty of great britain . 
harmony :: in music , harmony considers the process by which the composition of individual sounds , or superpositions of sounds , is analysed by hearing . 
magnetosphere :: a magnetosphere is the region of space surrounding an astronomical object in which charged particles are controlled by that object 's magnetic field . 
yogh :: the letter yogh ( ; middle english : ) was used in middle english and older scots , representing " y " ( ) and various velar phonemes . 
baritone :: a baritone is a type of classical male singing voice whose vocal range lies between the bass and the tenor voice types . 
tool :: a tool is any physical item that can be used to achieve a goal , especially if the item is not consumed in the process . 
nergal :: nergal , nirgal , or nirgali ( sumerian : ; ; aramaic ܢܹܪܓܵܐܠ ; ) was a deity worshipped throughout mesopotamia ( akkad , assyria and babylonia ) with the main seat of his worship at cuthah represented by the mound of tell - ibrahim . 
nightjar :: nightjars are medium - sized nocturnal or crepuscular birds in the family caprimulgidae , characterized by long wings , short legs and very short bills . 
aegisthus :: aegisthus (; ; also transliterated as aigisthos ) is a figure in greek mythology . 
nasdaq :: the nasdaq stock market ( ) is an american stock exchange . 
melodica :: the melodica , also known as the pianica , blow - organ , key harmonica , or melodyhorn , is a free - reed instrument similar to the pump organ and harmonica . 
greyhound :: the greyhound is a breed of dog ; a sighthound which has been bred for coursing game and greyhound racing . 
humanities :: humanities are academic disciplines that study aspects of human society and culture . 
foobar :: the terms foobar ( ) , or foo and others are used as placeholder names ( also referred to as metasyntactic variables ) in computer programming or computer - related documentation . 
divx :: divx ( digital video express ) was an unsuccessful attempt by circuit city and the entertainment law firm ziffren , brittenham , branca and fischer to create an alternative to video rental in the united states . 
sippar :: sippar ( sumerian : zimbir ) was an ancient near eastern sumerian and later babylonian city on the east bank of the euphrates river , located at the site of modern tell abu habbah in iraq 's babil governorate , some 60 km north of babylon and 30 km southwest of baghdad . 
flavor :: flavor ( american english ) or flavour ( british english ; see spelling differences ) is the sensory impression of food or other substance , and is determined primarily by the chemical senses of taste and smell . 
sabellianism :: in christianity , sabellianism in the eastern church or patripassianism in the western church ( also known as modalism , modalistic monarchianism , or modal monarchism ) is the nontrinitarian or anti - trinitarian belief that the heavenly father , resurrected son , and holy spirit are three different " modes " or " aspects " of one monadic god , as perceived by " the believer " , rather than three distinct persons within the godhead — that there are no real or substantial differences among the three , such that there is no substantial identity for the spirit or the son . 
oisin :: oisín ( pronounced in irish as , with stress on first syllable ) is an irish male given name . 
utility :: in economics , utility is a measure of preferences over some set of goods ( including services : something that satisfies human wants ) ; it represents satisfaction experienced by the consumer of a good . 
vickers :: vickers was a famous name in british engineering that existed through many companies from 1828 until 1999 . 
decibel :: the decibel ( symbol : db ) is a logarithmic unit used to express the ratio of one value of a physical property to another , and may be used to express a change in value ( e.g. , + 1 db or -1 db ) or an absolute value . 
harwich :: harwich is a town in essex , england and one of the haven ports , located on the coast with the north sea to the east . 
achduart :: achduart ( gaelic : achadh dhubhaird ) is a small hamlet in coigach , in wester ross in northwestern scotland , now within the highland council area . 
co-np-complete :: in complexity theory , computational problems that are co - np - complete are those that are the hardest problems in co - np , in the sense that any problem in co - np can be reformulated as a special case of any co - np complete problem with only polynomial overhead . 
transceiver :: a transceiver is a device comprising both a transmitter and a receiver that are combined and share common circuitry or a single housing . 
haematopoiesis :: haematopoiesis ( from greek αἷμα , " blood " and ποιεῖν " to make " ; also hematopoiesis in american english ; sometimes also haemopoiesis or hemopoiesis ) is the formation of blood cellular components . 
scottish :: scottish usually refers to something of , from , or related to scotland , including : 
atlanta :: atlanta is the capital of and the most populous city in the u.s. state of georgia , with an estimated 2016 population of 472,522 . 
narses :: narses ( also sometimes written nerses ; ; ; 478–573 ) was , with belisarius , one of the great generals in the service of the byzantine emperor justinian i during the roman reconquest that took place during justinian 's reign . 
overmodulation :: overmodulation is the condition that prevails in telecommunication when the instantaneous level of the modulating signal exceeds the value necessary to produce 100% modulation of the carrier . 
bezique :: bezique ( ) or bésigue ( ) is a 19th - century french melding and trick - taking card game for two players . 
fireworks :: fireworks are a class of low explosive pyrotechnic devices used for aesthetic and entertainment purposes . 
xi'an :: xi'an ( ) is the capital of shaanxi province , people 's republic of china . 
manufacturing :: manufacturing is the production of merchandise for use or sale using labour and machines , tools , chemical and biological processing , or formulation . 
potato :: the potato is a starchy , tuberous crop from the perennial nightshade solanum tuberosum . 
hove :: hove is a town on the south coast of england , immediately to the west of its larger neighbour brighton , with which it forms the unitary authority brighton and hove . 
apatosaurus :: apatosaurus (; meaning " deceptive lizard " ) is a genus of extinct sauropod dinosaurs that lived in north america during the late jurassic period . 
hannibal :: hannibal barca ( punic language : , " ḥnb‘l brq " ; 247 – between 183 and 181 bc ) , was a carthaginian general , considered one of the greatest military commanders in history . 
comateens :: the comateens were originally a new wave duo formed in 1978 in new york city by bassist / vocalist nic north and guitarist ramona jan. soon after , lyn byrd joined on vocals and synthesiser , and the duo became a trio . 
eucharist :: the eucharist (; also called holy communion or the lord 's supper , among other names ) is a christian rite that is considered a sacrament in most churches and an ordinance in others . 
pdp-10 :: the pdp-10 is a discontinued mainframe computer family manufactured by digital equipment corporation ( dec ) from 1966 into the 1980s . 
staind :: staind ( ) is an american rock band formed in 1995 . 
switch :: in electrical engineering , a switch is an electrical component that can " make " or " break " an electrical circuit , interrupting the current or diverting it from one conductor to another . 
dendrobranchiata :: dendrobranchiata is a suborder of decapod shrimps , commonly known as prawns . 
knossos :: knossos (; , " knōsós " , ) is the largest bronze age archaeological site on crete and has been called europe 's oldest city . 
espionage :: espionage ( colloquially , spying ) is the obtaining of secret or confidential information without the permission of the holder of the information . 
gradualism :: gradualism , from latin " gradus " ( " step " ) , is a hypothesis , a theory or a tenet assuming that change comes about gradually or that variation is gradual in nature . 
esperantujo :: esperantujo ( ) or esperantio ( meaning " esperanto - land " ) is the community of speakers of the constructed international auxiliary language esperanto and their culture , as well the places and institutions where the language is used , referred to ' as if it were a country ' . 
bouldering :: bouldering is a form of rock climbing that is performed on large boulders , small rock formations or artificial rock walls , without the use of ropes or harnesses . 
whippet :: the whippet ( also english whippet or snap dog ) is a dog breed of medium - size . 
food :: food is any substance consumed to provide nutritional support for an organism . 
vedda :: the vedda ( , " vēdar " ) are a minority indigenous group of people in sri lanka who , among other self - identified native communities such as coast veddas , anuradhapura veddas and bintenne veddas , are accorded indigenous status . 
magdeburg :: magdeburg (; low saxon : " meideborg " , ) is the capital city and the second largest city of the state of saxony - anhalt , germany . 
aiesec :: aiesec is the world 's largest non - profit youth - run organization . 
speciesism :: speciesism ( ) involves the assignment of different values , rights , or special consideration to individuals solely on the basis of their species membership . 
sendmail :: sendmail is a general purpose internetwork email routing facility that supports many kinds of mail - transfer and delivery methods , including the simple mail transfer protocol ( smtp ) used for email transport over the internet . 
ammishaddai :: in the book of numbers , ammishaddai ( " ‘ ammîšaddāy " " people of the almighty " ) was the father of ahiezer , who was chief of the tribe of dan at the time of the exodus ( numbers 1:12 ; 2:25 ) . 
lignite :: lignite , often referred to as brown coal , is a soft brown combustible sedimentary rock formed from naturally compressed peat . 
bodmin :: bodmin ( ) is a civil parish and historic town in cornwall , england , united kingdom . 
manhatta :: manhatta ( 1921 ) is a short documentary film directed by painter charles sheeler and photographer paul strand . 
benin :: benin ( or - ; ; ) , officially the republic of benin ( ) and formerly dahomey , is a country in west africa . 
veneto :: veneto ( or , ; , ) is one of the 20 regions of italy . 
leisure :: leisure has often been defined as a quality of experience or as free time . 
blancmange :: blancmange ( or , from french " blanc - manger " ) is a sweet dessert commonly made with milk or cream and sugar thickened with gelatin , cornstarch or irish moss ( a source of carrageenan ) , and often flavoured with almonds . 
cadenza :: in music , a cadenza ( from , meaning cadence ; plural , " cadenze " ) is , generically , an improvised or written - out ornamental passage played or sung by a soloist or soloists , usually in a " free " rhythmic style , and often allowing for virtuosic display . 
dracula :: dracula is an 1897 gothic horror novel by irish author bram stoker . 
courthouse :: a courthouse ( sometimes spelled court house ) is a building that is home to a local court of law and often the regional county government as well , although this is not the case in some larger cities . 
nosology :: nosology ( ) is a classification scheme within medicine delineating classification of diseases . 
hypanthium :: in angiosperms , a hypanthium or floral cup is a structure where basal portions of the calyx , the corolla , and the stamens form a cup - shaped tube . 
curium :: curium is a transuranic radioactive chemical element with symbol cm and atomic number 96 . 
erechtheus :: erechtheus (; ) in greek mythology was the name of an archaic king of athens , the founder of the " polis " and , in his role as god , attached to poseidon , as " poseidon erechtheus " . 
ducati :: ducati motor holding s.p . 
drummer :: a drummer is a percussionist who creates and accompanies music using drums . 
risus :: risus : the anything rpg is a rules - light generic role - playing game ( rpg ) written , designed and illustrated by s. john ross of cumberland games and diversions . " 
patriotism :: patriotism is an attachment to a homeland . 
drogheda :: drogheda (; ; ) is one of the oldest towns in ireland . 
nato :: the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ; ; ' ) , also called the north atlantic alliance , is an intergovernmental military alliance between several north american and european states based on the north atlantic treaty that was signed on 4 april 1949 . 
calcium :: calcium is a chemical element with symbol ca and atomic number 20 . 
sa80 :: the sa80 is a british family of 5.56×45 mm nato small arms , all of which are selective fire , gas - operated assault rifles . 
bitstream :: a bitstream ( or bit stream ) , also known as binary sequence , is a sequence of bits . 
eupeithes :: in greek mythology , eupeithês ( εὐπείθης ) was the father of antinous , the leader of the suitors of penelope . 
olivine :: the mineral olivine ( ) is a magnesium iron silicate with the formula ( mg , fe)sio. 
petropavlovsk-kamchatsky :: petropavlovsk - kamchatsky ( ) is a city and the administrative , industrial , scientific , and cultural center of kamchatka krai , russia . 
corporation :: a corporation is a company or group of people authorized to act as a single entity ( legally a person ) and recognized as such in law . 
polygraph :: a polygraph , popularly referred to as a lie detector , measures and records several physiological indices such as blood pressure , pulse , respiration , and skin conductivity while the subject is asked and answers a series of questions . 
poltava :: poltava ( ) is a city located on the vorskla river in central ukraine . 
gemara :: the gemara ( also transliterated gemora , gemarah , or , less commonly , gemorra ; from hebrew , from the aramaic verb " gamar " , study ) is the component of the talmud comprising rabbinical analysis of and commentary on the mishnah . 
creiddylad :: creiddylad ( also known as " creirddylad " , " creurdilad " , " creudylad " or " kreiddylat " ) , daughter of king lludd , is a minor character in the early medieval welsh arthurian tale " culhwch ac olwen " . 
muslim :: a muslim is someone who follows or practices islam , a monotheistic abrahamic religion . 
gnomon :: a gnomon ( [ ˈnoʊmɒn ] , from greek , " gnōmōn " , literally : " one that knows or examines " ) is the part of a sundial that casts a shadow . 
daylighting :: daylighting is the practice of placing windows or other openings and reflective surfaces so that during the day natural light provides effective internal lighting . 
marillion :: marillion are a british rock band , formed in aylesbury , buckinghamshire , in 1979 . 
echelon :: echelon , originally a secret government code name , is a surveillance program ( signals intelligence / sigint collection and analysis network ) operated by the us with the aid of four other signatory nations to the ukusa security agreement — australia , canada , new zealand , the united kingdom and the united states , also known as the " five eyes " . 
kevlar :: kevlar is the registered trademark for a para - aramid synthetic fiber , related to other aramids such as nomex and technora . 
badminton :: badminton is a racquet sport played using racquets to hit a shuttlecock across a net . 
glycine :: glycine ( abbreviated as gly or g ) is the amino acid that has a single hydrogen atom as its side chain . 
dogma :: dogma is an official system of principles or tenets of a church , such as roman catholicism , or a philosophy such as stoicism . " dogma " is transliterated in the 17th century from latin ( latin dogma ) meaning " philosophical tenet " , derived from the greek ' dogma ' ( greek ) meaning literally " that which one thinks is true " and ' dokein ' ( greek " dokeo " ) " to seem good . " 
leonids :: the leonids ( ) are a prolific meteor shower associated with the comet tempel – tuttle . 
frigate :: a frigate is any of several types of warship , the term having been used for ships of various sizes and roles over the last few centuries . 
pashhur :: pashur or pashhur ( hebrew : פשחור pash-"h"ur ) was the name of at least two priests contemporary with the prophet jeremiah and who are mentioned in the book of jeremiah . 
sæhrímnir :: in norse mythology , sæhrímnir is the creature killed and eaten every night by the æsir and einherjar . 
polyomino :: a polyomino is a plane geometric figure formed by joining one or more equal squares edge to edge . 
ahaz :: ahaz (; " akhaz " ; ; an abbreviation of jehoahaz , " yahweh has held " (; " 
bratsk :: bratsk ( ) is a city in irkutsk oblast , russia , located on the angara river near the vast bratsk reservoir . 
disarmament :: disarmament is the act of reducing , limiting , or abolishing weapons . 
inch :: the inch ( abbreviation : in or ″ ) is a unit of length in the ( british ) imperial and united states customary systems of measurement now formally equal to yard but usually understood as of a foot . 
aetna :: aetna inc. (; stylized as ætna ) is an american managed health care company , which sells traditional and consumer directed health care insurance plans and related services , such as medical , pharmaceutical , dental , behavioral health , long - term care , and disability plans . 
shotacon :: , short for , is japanese slang describing an attraction to young boys and is shota in manga . 
minyans :: according to greek mythology and legendary prehistory of the aegean region , the minyans ( , " minyes " ) were an autochthonous group inhabiting the aegean region . 
anapsid :: an anapsid is an amniote whose skull does not have openings near the temples . 
pompey :: gnaeus pompeius magnus (; 29 september 106 bc – 28 september 48 bc ) , usually known in english as pompey or pompey the great , was a military and political leader of the late roman republic . 
iridology :: iridology ( also known as iridodiagnosis or iridiagnosis ) is an alternative medicine technique whose proponents claim that patterns , colors , and other characteristics of the iris can be examined to determine information about a patient 's systemic health . 
denethor :: denethor ii , son of ecthelion ii , is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's " the return of the king " , which is the third and final part of his novel " the lord of the rings " . 
harare :: harare (; officially called salisbury until 1982 ) is the capital and most populous city of zimbabwe . 
falstaff :: sir john falstaff is a fictional character who is mentioned in five plays by william shakespeare and appears on stage in three of them . 
nanosecond :: a nanosecond ( ns ) is an si unit of time equal to one thousand - millionth of a second ( 10 or / s ) . 
verlan :: verlan ( ) is an argot in the french language , featuring inversion of syllables in a word , and is common in slang and youth language . 
coelacanth :: the coelacanths ( ) constitute a now rare order of fish that includes two extant species in the genus " latimeria " : the west indian ocean coelacanth ( " latimeria chalumnae " ) primarily found near the comoro islands off the east coast of africa and the indonesian coelacanth ( " latimeria menadoensis " ) . 
eteoneus :: in greek mythology , eteoneus ( ἐτεωνεύς ) was the son of boethous , and king menelaus of sparta 's weapon - carrier during the trojan war . 
isotropy :: isotropy is uniformity in all orientations ; it is derived from the greek " isos " ( ἴσος , " equal " ) and " tropos " ( τρόπος , " way " ) . 
hay :: hay is grass , legumes , or other herbaceous plants that have been cut , dried , and stored for use as animal fodder , particularly for grazing animals such as cattle , horses , goats , and sheep . 
acid :: an acid is a molecule or ion capable of donating a hydron ( proton or hydrogen ion h ) , or , alternatively , capable of forming a covalent bond with an electron pair ( a lewis acid ) . 
martok :: martok , son of urthog is a recurring character in " " , played by actor j. g. hertzler . 
chupacabra :: the chupacabra or chupacabras ( , literally " goat - sucker " ; from " chupar " , " to suck " , and " cabra " , " goat " ) is a legendary creature in the folklore of parts of the americas , with its first purported sightings reported in puerto rico . 
savonlinna :: savonlinna ( ) is a town and a municipality of ( ) inhabitants in the southeast of finland , in the heart of the saimaa lake region . 
philoctetes :: philoctetes ( , " philoktētēs " ; english pronunciation : , stressed on the third syllable , " -tet- " ) , or philocthetes , according to greek mythology , was the son of king poeas of meliboea in thessaly . 
democracy :: democracy ( " " , literally " rule of the people " ) , in modern usage , is a system of government in which the citizens exercise power directly or elect representatives from among themselves to form a governing body , such as a parliament . 
baseband :: baseband is a signal that has a very narrow and near - zero frequency range , i.e. a spectral magnitude that is nonzero only for frequencies in the vicinity of the origin ( termed " f " = 0 ) and negligible elsewhere . 
deixis :: in linguistics , deixis ( ) refers to words and phrases , such as “ me ” or “ here ” , that can not be fully understood without additional contextual information -- in this case , the identity of the speaker ( “ me ” ) and the speaker 's location ( “ here ” ) . 
phorcys :: in greek mythology , phorcys (; , " phorkus " ) is a primordial sea god , generally cited ( first in hesiod ) as the son of pontus and gaia . 
theogony :: the theogony ( , " theogonía " , , i.e. " the genealogy or birth of the gods " ) is a poem by hesiod ( 8th – 7th century bc ) describing the origins and genealogies of the greek gods , composed c. 700 bc . 
squirrel :: squirrels are members of the family sciuridae , a family that includes small or medium - size rodents . 
quirinus :: in roman mythology and religion , quirinus ( ; , ) is an early god of the roman state . 
euro :: the euro ( sign : € ; code : eur ) is the official currency of the eurozone , which consists of 19 of the member states of the european union : austria , belgium , cyprus , estonia , finland , france , germany , greece , ireland , italy , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , malta , the netherlands , portugal , slovakia , slovenia , and spain . 
herring :: herring are forage fish , mostly belonging to the family clupeidae . 
crestones :: the crestones are a group of four 14,000 foot ( 4,268 m ) peaks ( fourteeners ) in the sangre de cristo range above crestone , central southern colorado , comprising : snow is usually mostly melted by early july . 
supersaturation :: supersaturation is a state of a solution that contains more of the dissolved material than could be dissolved by the solvent under normal circumstances . 
ripemd :: ripemd ( race integrity primitives evaluation message digest ) is a family of cryptographic hash functions developed in leuven , belgium , by hans dobbertin , antoon bosselaers and bart preneel at the cosic research group at the katholieke universiteit leuven , and first published in 1996 . 
sindar :: in the works of j. r. r. tolkien , the fictional sindar ( meaning " grey people " , singular " sinda " , 
rosemary :: rosmarinus officinalis , commonly known as rosemary , is a woody , perennial herb with fragrant , evergreen , needle - like leaves and white , pink , purple , or blue flowers , native to the mediterranean region . 
weight :: in science and engineering , the weight of an object is usually taken to be the force on the object due to gravity . 
alcidamas :: alcidamas ( ) , of elaea , in aeolis , greek sophist and rhetorician , flourished in the 4th century bc . 
bamberg :: bamberg ( ) is a town in upper franconia , germany , on the river regnitz close to its confluence with the river main . 
colonialism :: colonialism is the establishment of a colony in one territory by a political power from another territory , and the subsequent maintenance , expansion , and exploitation of that colony . 
suriname :: suriname ( , or , also spelled surinam ) , officially known as the republic of suriname ( ) , is a sovereign state on the northeastern atlantic coast of south america . 
taiwan :: taiwan ( ) , officially the republic of china ( roc ) , is a state in east asia . 
malawi :: malawi ( , or ; or [ maláwi ] ) , officially the republic of malawi , is a landlocked country in southeast africa that was formerly known as nyasaland . 
anagrams :: anagrams ( also known as pirate scrabble , anagram , snatch , word making and taking and grabscrab ) is a tile - based word game that involves rearranging letter tiles to form words . 
nederpop :: nederpop is a dutch term that was invented by the mid-1970s to describe the dutch pop music scene of the 1960s and 1970s that was gaining worldwide attention , exemplified by bands such as shocking blue , golden earring and focus . 
trombone :: the trombone is a musical instrument in the brass family . 
hippogriff :: the hippogriff , or sometimes hippogryph , is a legendary creature which has the front half of an eagle and the hind half of a horse . 
xerox :: xerox corporation ( also known as xerox , stylized as xerox since 2008 , and previously as xerox from 1960 to 2008 ) is an american global corporation that sells document solutions and services , and document technology products in more than 160 countries . 
hydrophobe :: in chemistry , hydrophobicity is the physical property of a molecule ( known as a hydrophobe ) that is seemingly repelled from a mass of water . 
solothurn :: solothurn ( ; ; ; ) is a town , a municipality , and the capital of the canton of solothurn in switzerland . 
cmos :: complementary metal – oxide – semiconductor , abbreviated as cmos , is a technology for constructing integrated circuits . 
khazaran :: khazaran was a city in the khazar kingdom , located on the eastern bank of the lower volga river . 
baldric :: a baldric ( also baldrick , bawdrick , bauldrick as well as other rare or obsolete variations ) is a belt worn over one shoulder that is typically used to carry a weapon ( usually a sword ) or other implement such as a bugle or drum . 
romulan :: the romulans are an extraterrestrial humanoid species in the science fiction franchise " star trek " . 
sergestus :: in greco - roman mythology , sergestus was a trojan friend of aeneas . 
biosphere :: the biosphere ( from greek βίος " bíos " " life " and σφαῖρα " sphaira " " sphere " ) also known as the ecosphere ( from greek οἶκος " oîkos " " environment " and σφαῖρα ) , is the worldwide sum of all ecosystems . 
hadean :: the hadean ( ) is a geologic eon of the earth predating the archean . 
vehicle :: a vehicle ( from ) is a mobile machine that transports people or cargo . 
tat-8 :: tat-8 was the 8th transatlantic communications cable and first transatlantic fiber - optic cable , initially carrying 40,000 telephone circuits ( simultaneous calls ) between the united states , great britain and france . 
kurdistan :: kurdistan ( or ) (; ; lit . " 
dv :: dv is a format for storing digital video . 
superellipse :: a superellipse , also known as a lamé curve after gabriel lamé , is a closed curve resembling the ellipse , retaining the geometric features of semi - major axis and semi - minor axis , and symmetry about them , but a different overall shape . 
emer :: emer , in scottish gaelic eimhir in modern irish eimhear or éimhear ( eimer and éimear are also used as modern versions , though historically incorrect ) daughter of forgall monach , is the wife of the hero cú chulainn in the ulster cycle of irish mythology . 
snorkeling :: snorkeling ( british and commonwealth english spelling : snorkelling ) is the practice of swimming on or through a body of water while equipped with a diving mask , a shaped breathing tube called a snorkel , and usually swimfins . 
turbografx-16 :: the turbografx-16 entertainment supersystem , known in japan and france as the , is a home video game console jointly developed by hudson soft and nec home electronics , released in japan on october 30 , 1987 and in the united states on august 29 , 1989 . 
aristaeus :: a minor god in greek mythology , attested mainly by athenian writers , aristaeus (; " aristaios " ) , was the culture hero credited with the discovery of many useful arts , including bee - keeping ; he was the son of the huntress cyrene and apollo . 
mercia :: mercia ( ) was one of the kingdoms of the anglo - saxon heptarchy . 
photomontage :: photomontage is the process and the result of making a composite photograph by cutting , gluing , rearranging and overlapping two or more photographs into a new image . 
pylades :: in greek mythology , pylades (; ) is the son of king strophius of phocis and of anaxibia , who is the daughter of atreus and sister of agamemnon and menelaus . 
sapindales :: sapindales is an order of flowering plants . 
molybdenum :: molybdenum is a chemical element with symbol mo and atomic number 42 . 
nerve :: a nerve is an enclosed , cable - like bundle of axons ( nerve fibers , the long and slender projections of neurons ) in the peripheral nervous system . 
entertainment :: entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience , or gives pleasure and delight . 
abettor :: abettor ( from " to abet , " old french " abeter " , " à " and " beter " , to bait , urge dogs upon any one ; this word is probably of scandinavian origin , meaning to cause to bite ) , is a legal term implying one who instigates , encourages or assists another to commit an offence . 
tenages :: in greek mythology , tenages ( or tenage ) was one of the heliadae , a son of rhodos and helios . 
goalkeeper :: in many team sports which involve scoring goals , the goalkeeper ( termed goaltender , netminder , goalie or keeper in some sports ) is a designated player charged with directly preventing the opposing team from scoring by intercepting shots at goal . 
playoffs :: the playoffs , play - offs , postseason and/or finals of a sports league are a competition played after the regular season by the top competitors to determine the league champion or a similar accolade . 
neolithic :: the neolithic ( ) was a period in the development of human technology , beginning about 15,200 bc , according to the aspro chronology , in some parts of the middle east , and later in other parts of the world and ending between 4500 and 2000 bc . 
áine :: áine ( ) is an irish goddess of summer , wealth and sovereignty . 
affray :: in many legal jurisdictions related to english common law , affray is a public order offence consisting of the fighting of one or more persons in a public place to the terror ( in ) of ordinary people . 
meges :: in greek mythology , mégês phyleïdês ( greek : μέγης φυλεΐδης ) was the commander of epeans and/or dulichians during the trojan war . 
arles :: arles (; provençal in both classical and mistralian norms ; " arelate " in classical latin ) is a city and commune in the south of france , in the bouches - du - rhône department , of which it is a subprefecture , in the former province of provence . 
lobotomy :: lobotomy ( " lobe ( of brain ) " ; " cut , slice " ) is a neurosurgical procedure , a form of psychosurgery , also known as a leukotomy or leucotomy ( from the greek " clear , white " and " ") . 
bird :: birds ( aves ) are a group of endothermic vertebrates , characterised by feathers , toothless beaked jaws , the laying of hard - shelled eggs , a high metabolic rate , a four - chambered heart , and a strong yet lightweight skeleton . 
number :: a number is a mathematical object used to count , measure , and label . 
turquoise :: turquoise is an opaque , blue - to - green mineral that is a hydrated phosphate of copper and aluminium , with the chemical formula cual(po)(oh)·4ho . 
karst :: karst is a topography formed from the dissolution of soluble rocks such as limestone , dolomite , and gypsum . 
hérault :: hérault (; ) is a department in southern france named after the hérault . 
costume :: costume is the distinctive style of dress of an individual or group that reflects their class , gender , profession , ethnicity , nationality , activity or epoch . 
sundial :: a sundial is a device that tells the time of day by the apparent position of the sun in the sky . 
wolfville :: wolfville is a canadian town in the annapolis valley , kings county , nova scotia , located about northwest of the provincial capital , halifax . 
taiko :: taiko have a mythological origin in japanese folklore , but historical records suggest that taiko were introduced to japan through korean and chinese cultural influence as early as the 6th century ce . 
antilochus :: in greek mythology , antilochus ( greek : ἀντίλοχος , " antílokhos " ) was the son of nestor , king of pylos , and was one of the acheans in the trojan war . 
metalloid :: a metalloid is any chemical element which has properties in between those of metals and nonmetals , or that has a mixture of them . 
victimology :: victimology is the study of victimization , including the psychological effects on victims , relationships between victims and offenders , the interactions between victims and the criminal justice system — that is , the police and courts , and corrections officials — and the connections between victims and other social groups and institutions , such as the media , businesses , and social movements . 
vibranium :: vibranium is a fictional metal appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
kavz :: kavz ( , " kurgansky avtobusny zavod " ) is a bus manufacturer in kurgan , kgn , russia . 
abarim :: abarim ( hebrew : הָעֲבָרִים , " ha - avarim " ) is a mountain range across jordan , to the east and south - east of the dead sea , extending from mount nebo — its highest point — in the north , perhaps to the arabian desert in the south . 
dermatitis :: dermatitis , also known as eczema is a group of diseases that results in inflammation of the skin . 
hub :: a hub is the central part of a wheel that connects the axle to the wheel itself . 
archaeocyatha :: archaeocyatha ( or archaeocyathids ancient cups " ) is a taxon of extinct , sessile , reef - building marine organisms of warm tropical and subtropical waters that lived during the early ( lower ) cambrian period . 
tahr :: tahrs are three species of large asian artiodactyl ungulates related to the wild goat . 
ovality :: in telecommunications and fiber optics , ovality or noncircularity is the degree of deviation from perfect circularity of the cross section of the core or cladding of the fiber . 
theodelinda :: theodelinda , queen of the lombards , ( 570 - 628 ad ) was the daughter of duke garibald i of bavaria . 
multics :: multics ( multiplexed information and computing service ) is an influential early time - sharing operating system , based around the concept of a single - level memory . 
biosecurity :: biosecurity has multiple meanings and is defined differently according to various disciplines . 
filioque :: filioque ( ) is a latin term added to the original niceno - constantinopolitan creed ( commonly known as the nicene creed ) , and which has been the subject of great controversy between eastern and western christianity . 
viduus :: in roman mythology , viduus ( " divider " ) was the god who separated the soul and the body after death . 
angiopathy :: angiopathy is the generic term for a disease of the blood vessels ( arteries , veins , and capillaries ) . 
heliadae :: in greek mythology , the heliadae or heliadai (; greek : " ἡλιάδαι " ) were the seven sons of helios and rhodos and grandsons of poseidon , brothers to electryone . 
vibraphone :: the vibraphone ( also known as the vibraharp or simply the vibes ) is a musical instrument in the struck idiophone subfamily of the percussion family . 
sphere :: a sphere ( from greek σφαῖρα — " sphaira " , " globe , ball " ) is a perfectly round geometrical object in three - dimensional space that is the surface of a completely round ball , ( viz . 
supercluster :: a supercluster is a large group of smaller galaxy clusters or galaxy groups , which is among the largest - known structures of the cosmos . 
efnet :: efnet or eris - free network is a major internet relay chat ( irc ) network , with more than 35,000 users . 
unisys :: unisys corporation is an american global information technology company based in blue bell , pennsylvania , that provides a portfolio of it services , software , and technology . 
anthophyta :: the anthophytes were thought to be a clade comprising plants bearing flower - like structures . 
solipsism :: solipsism (; ) is the philosophical idea that only one 's own mind is sure to exist . 
patanjali :: amongst the more important authors called patañjali are : 
calligraphy :: calligraphy ( from greek : καλλιγραφία ) is a visual art related to writing . 
violence :: violence is defined by the world health organization as " the intentional use of physical force or power , threatened or actual , against oneself , another person , or against a group or community , which either results in or has a high likelihood of resulting in injury , death , psychological harm , maldevelopment , or deprivation " , although the group acknowledges that the inclusion of " the use of power " in its definition expands on the conventional understanding of the word . 
hollywood :: hollywood ( ) is a neighborhood in the central region of los angeles , california . 
miocene :: the miocene ( ) is the first geological epoch of the neogene period and extends from about ( ma ) . 
xenophon :: xenophon of athens (; , " xenophōn " ; c. 430–354 bc ) was an ancient greek philosopher , historian , soldier , mercenary , and student of socrates . 
cowpox :: cowpox is an infectious disease caused by the cowpox virus . 
exile :: to be in exile means to be away from one 's home ( i.e. city , state , or country ) , while either being explicitly refused permission to return or being threatened with imprisonment or death upon return . 
rhodesia :: rhodesia ( ) , commonly known from 1970 onwards as the republic of rhodesia , was an unrecognised state in southern africa from 1965 to 1979 , equivalent in territorial terms to modern zimbabwe . 
cookie :: a cookie is a baked or cooked good that is small , flat and sweet . 
tajiks :: tajik (: " tājīk " , ) is a general designation for a wide range of persian - speaking people of iranian origin , with traditional homelands in present - day tajikistan , afghanistan and uzbekistan . 
tigris :: the tigris (; sumerian : " idigna " " idigina " ; akkadian : " " ; " dijlah " ; ; ; , " hiddekel " ; ; ) is the eastern member of the two great rivers that define mesopotamia , the other being the euphrates . 
hebron :: hebron ( ; ) is a palestinian city located in the southern west bank , south of jerusalem . 
ruthenia :: ruthenia (; , , , ) is a proper geographical exonym for kievan rus ' and other , more local , historical states . 
determinant :: in linear algebra , the determinant is a useful value that can be computed from the elements of a square matrix . 
enlil :: enlil ( , " lord storm " ) was the ancient mesopotamian god of wind , air , earth , and storms . 
acetylcholine :: acetylcholine ( ach ) is an organic chemical that functions in the brain and body of many types of animals , including humans , as a neurotransmitter — a chemical released by nerve cells to send signals to other cells . 
nineveh :: nineveh (; ) was an ancient assyrian city of upper mesopotamia , located on the outskirts of mosul in modern - day northern iraq . 
metro-goldwyn-mayer :: metro - goldwyn - mayer studios inc. ( abbreviated as mgm or m - g - m , also known as metro - goldwyn - mayer pictures , metro - goldwyn - mayer or simply metro , and for a former interval known as metro - goldwyn - mayer / united artists , or mgm / ua ) is an american media company , involved primarily in the production and distribution of feature films and television programs . 
plumbing :: plumbing is any system that conveys fluids for a wide range of applications . 
gil-galad :: ereinion gil - galad ( ) is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
feudalism :: feudalism was a combination of legal and military customs in medieval europe that flourished between the 9th and 15th centuries . 
bacharach :: bacharach ( , also known as " bacharach am rhein " ) is a town in the mainz - bingen district in rhineland - palatinate , germany . 
colosseum :: the colosseum or coliseum ( ) , also known as the flavian amphitheatre ( latin : " amphitheatrum flavium " ; italian : " anfiteatro flavio " or " colosseo " ) , is an oval amphitheatre in the centre of the city of rome , italy . 
messagepad :: the messagepad is the first series of personal digital assistant devices developed by apple computer for the newton platform in 1993 . 
semigroup :: in mathematics , a semigroup is an algebraic structure consisting of a set together with an associative binary operation . 
monterrey :: monterrey ( ) , is the capital and largest city of the northeastern state of nuevo león , in mexico . 
dodo :: the dodo ( " raphus cucullatus " ) is an extinct flightless bird that was endemic to the island of mauritius , east of madagascar in the indian ocean . 
paleozoic :: the paleozoic ( or palaeozoic ) era (; from the greek " palaios " ( παλαιός ) , " old " and " zoe " ( ζωή ) , " life " , meaning " ancient life " ) is the earliest of three geologic eras of the phanerozoic eon . 
ericales :: the ericales are a large and diverse order of dicotyledons , including , for example , tea , persimmon , blueberry , brazil nut , and azalea . 
megabyte :: the megabyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
convulsion :: a convulsion is a medical condition where body muscles contract and relax rapidly and repeatedly , resulting in an uncontrolled shaking of the body . 
lysine :: lysine ( abbreviated as lys or k ) , encoded by the codons aaa and aag , is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
cessair :: cessair or cesair ( spelt ceasair in modern irish ; anglicized kesair ) is a character from the " lebor gabála érenn " , a medieval christian pseudo - history of ireland . 
vanuatu :: vanuatu ( or ; ) , officially the republic of vanuatu ( , bislama : " ripablik blong vanuatu " ) , is a pacific island nation located in the south pacific ocean . 
psychometrics :: psychometrics is a field of study concerned with the theory and technique of psychological measurement . 
ligo :: the laser interferometer gravitational - wave observatory ( ligo ) is a large - scale physics experiment and observatory to detect cosmic gravitational waves and to develop gravitational - wave observations as an astronomical tool . 
tp53 :: tumor protein p53 , also known as p53 , cellular tumor antigen p53 ( uniprot name ) , phosphoprotein p53 , tumor suppressor p53 , antigen ny - co-13 , or transformation - related protein 53 ( trp53 ) , is any isoform of a protein encoded by homologous genes in various organisms , such as " tp53 " ( humans ) and " trp53 " ( mice ) . 
kwashiorkor :: kwashiorkor is a form of severe protein – energy malnutrition characterized by edema , irritability , ulcerating dermatoses , and an enlarged liver with fatty infiltrates . 
venom :: venom is a form of toxin secreted by an animal for the purpose of causing harm to another . 
kickflip :: the kickflip is a maneuver in skateboarding in which a rider flips their skateboard 360° along the axis that extends from the nose to the tail of the deck . 
aurochs :: the aurochs ( or ; pl . 
gorgan :: gorgan (; formerly astrabad or astarabad ( ) is the capital of golestan province , iran . 
china :: china , officially the people 's republic of china ( prc ) , is a unitary sovereign state in east asia and the world 's most populous country , with a population of around billion . 
altruism :: altruism or selflessness is the principle or practice of concern for the welfare of others . 
kriegsmarine :: the kriegsmarine ( , " war navy " ) was the navy of nazi germany from 1935 to 1945 . 
masaccio :: masaccio (; december 21 , 1401 – summer 1428 ) , born tommaso di ser giovanni di simone , was the first great italian painter of the quattrocento period of the italian renaissance . 
ulysses :: ulysses is the latin name for odysseus , a hero in ancient greek literature . 
feronia :: feronia may mean : 
eusebius :: eusebius of caesarea (; , " eusébios tés kaisareías " ; 260/265 – 339/340 ) , also known as eusebius pamphili , was a historian of christianity , exegete , and christian polemicist . 
limerick :: limerick (; ) is a city in county limerick , ireland . 
panopea :: in greek mythology , panopea ( ) , also panopaea , and panope were two of the nereids . 
carmel :: carmel in the bible refers to two distinct places : the word carmel ( hebrew language : כַּרְמֶל ) means " fresh " ( planted ) , or " vineyard " ( planted ) and karmiel ( ) is a portmanteau meaning " " god 's vineyard " " . 
morphophonology :: morphophonology ( also morphophonemics or morphonology ) is the branch of linguistics that studies the interaction between morphological and phonological or phonetic processes . 
affidavit :: an affidavit ( ) is a written sworn statement of fact voluntarily made by an " affiant " or " deponent " under an oath or affirmation administered by a person authorized to do so by law . 
guanosine :: guanosine is a purine nucleoside comprising guanine attached to a ribose ( ribofuranose ) ring via a β-n - glycosidic bond . 
antares :: antares ( ) , also designated alpha scorpii ( α scorpii , abbreviated alpha sco , α sco ) , is on average the fifteenth - brightest star in the night sky , and the brightest star in the constellation of scorpius . 
creosote :: creosote is a category of carbonaceous chemicals formed by the distillation of various tars and pyrolysis of plant - derived material , such as wood or fossil fuel . 
eadred :: eadred ( also edred ) ( 923 – 23 november 955 ) was king of the english from 946 until his death . 
abenaki :: the abenaki ( abnaki , abinaki , alnôbak ) are a native american tribe and first nation . 
microgyrus :: a microgyrus is an area of the cerebral cortex that includes only four cortical layers instead of six . 
shallum :: shallum ( " retribution " ) was the name of several people of the old testament . 
magazine :: a magazine is a publication , usually a periodical publication , which is printed or electronically published ( sometimes referred to as an online magazine ) . 
beddgelert :: beddgelert is a village and community in the snowdonia area of gwynedd , wales . 
fence :: a fence is a structure that encloses an area , typically outdoors , and is usually constructed from posts that are connected by boards , wire , rails or netting . 
rennes :: rennes (; , gallo : " resnn " , , ) is a city in the east of brittany in northwestern france at the confluence of the ille and the vilaine . 
cardassian :: the cardassians are an extraterrestrial species in the " star trek " science fiction franchise . 
webcrawler :: webcrawler is a metasearch engine that blends the top search results from google search and yahoo ! search . 
fishing :: fishing is the activity of trying to catch fish . 
sonata :: sonata (; italian : , pl . " sonate " ; from latin and italian : " sonare " , " to sound " ) , in music , literally means a piece " played " as opposed to a cantata ( latin and italian " cantare " , " to sing " ) , a piece " sung " . 
spindletop :: spindletop is a salt dome oil field located in the southern portion of beaumont , texas in the united states . 
hutu :: the hutu , also known as the abahutu , are a bantu ethnic group native to african great lakes region of africa , primarily area now under burundi and rwanda . 
commutator :: in mathematics , the commutator gives an indication of the extent to which a certain binary operation fails to be commutative . 
eadwig :: eadwig , also spelled edwy ( died 1 october 959 ) , usually called the all - fair , was king of england from 955 until his premature death in 959 . 
columbidae :: pigeons and doves constitute the bird family columbidae and the order columbiformes , which includes about 42 genera and 310 species . the related word " columbine " refers to pigeons and doves . 
spear :: a spear is a pole weapon consisting of a shaft , usually of wood , with a pointed head . 
myelin :: myelin is a fatty white substance that surrounds the axon of some nerve cells , forming an electrically insulating layer . 
hominy :: hominy is a food produced from dried maize ( " corn " in the u.s. ) kernels that have been treated with an alkali , in a process called nixtamalization . 
qi :: in traditional chinese culture , qi or ch'i ( , also known as khí in vietnamese culture , gi in korean culture , ki in japanese culture ) is believed to be a vital force forming part of any living thing . 
clitoridectomy :: clitoridectomy or clitorectomy is the surgical removal , reduction , or partial removal of the clitoris . 
tarutius :: in roman mythology , tarutius or tarrutius was a wealthy merchant married to acca larentia . 
munich :: munich (; , , , ) is the capital and the most populated city in the german state of bavaria , on the banks of river isar north of the bavarian alps . 
peppermint :: peppermint ( mentha " × " piperita , also known as " mentha balsamea " willd . ) is a hybrid mint , a cross between watermint and spearmint . 
formant :: a formant , as defined by james jeans , is a harmonic of a note that is augmented by a resonance . 
trichotillomania :: trichotillomania ( ttm ) , also known as hair pulling disorder , is an impulse control disorder characterised by a long term urge that results in the pulling out of one 's hair . 
encryption :: in cryptography , encryption is the process of encoding a message or information in such a way that only authorized parties can access it . 
glendalough :: glendalough (; ) is a glacial valley in county wicklow , ireland , renowned for an early medieval monastic settlement founded in the 6th century by st kevin . 
gunpowder :: gunpowder , also known as black powder to distinguish it from modern smokeless gunpowder , is the earliest known chemical explosive . 
tabebuia :: tabebuia is a genus of flowering plants in the family bignoniaceae . 
ophthalmology :: ophthalmology ( or ) is the branch of medicine that deals with the anatomy , physiology and diseases of the eyeball and orbit . 
clipper :: a clipper was a very fast sailing ship of the middle third of the 19th century . 
dissent :: dissent is a sentiment or philosophy of non - agreement or opposition to a prevailing idea ( e.g. , a government 's policies ) or an entity ( e.g. , an individual or political party which supports such policies ) . 
epirus :: epirus ( ) is a geographical and historical region in southeastern europe , now shared between greece and albania . 
logogram :: in written language , a logogram or logograph is a written character that represents a word or phrase . 
afterglow :: an afterglow is a broad arch of whitish or pinkish sunlight in the sky that is scattered by fine particulates like dust suspended in the atmosphere . 
valls :: valls ( ) is the capital of the " comarca " of alt camp , in catalonia , spain . 
cryonics :: cryonics ( from greek κρύος " kryos " meaning ' cold ' ) is the low - temperature preservation ( usually at −196°c ) of people who can not be sustained by contemporary medicine , with the hope that resuscitation and restoration to full health may be possible in the far future . 
measurement :: " " measurement is the assignment of a number to a characteristic of an object or event , which can be compared with other objects or events . 
black :: black is the darkest color , the result of the absence or complete absorption of visible light . 
dellingr :: in norse mythology , dellingr ( old norse possibly " the dayspring " or " shining one " ) is a god . 
alaisiagae :: in romano - british culture and germanic polytheism , the alaisiagae ( possibly " dispatching terrors " or " all - victorious " ) were a pair of celtic and germanic goddesses deifying victory . 
pspace-complete :: in computational complexity theory , a decision problem is pspace - complete if it can be solved using an amount of memory that is polynomial in the input length ( polynomial space ) and if every other problem that can be solved in polynomial space can be transformed to it in polynomial time . 
penthus :: in greek mythology , penthus was the personification of grief . 
defecation :: defecation is the final act of digestion , by which organisms eliminate solid , semisolid , or liquid waste material from the digestive tract via the anus . 
swindon :: swindon ( ) is a large town , in the ceremonial county of wiltshire , south west england , midway between bristol , to the west and reading , to the east . 
bábism :: bábism ( , " babiyye " ) , also known as the bayání faith ( arabic : , " bayání " ) , is an abrahamic monotheistic religion which professes that there is one incorporeal , unknown , and incomprehensible god who manifests his will in an unending series of theophanies , called manifestations of god ( arabic : ) . 
marcian :: marcian (; 392 – 27 january 457 ) was byzantine emperor from 450 to 457 . 
sabermetrics :: sabermetrics is the empirical analysis of baseball , especially baseball statistics that measure in - game activity . 
arcology :: arcology , a portmanteau of " architecture " and " ecology " , is a field of creating architectural design principles for very densely populated , ecologically low - impact human habitats . 
epaminondas :: epaminondas (; , " epameinondas " ; d. 362 bc ) was a theban general and statesman of the 4th century bc who transformed the ancient greek city - state of thebes , leading it out of spartan subjugation into a pre - eminent position in greek politics . 
deucalion :: deucalion (; ) was the son of prometheus ; ancient sources name his mother as clymene , hesione , or pronoia . 
biofilm :: a biofilm is any group of microorganisms in which cells stick to each other and often also to a surface . 
abba :: abba ( ) were a swedish pop group , formed in stockholm in 1972 by members agnetha fältskog , björn ulvaeus , benny andersson , and anni - frid lyngstad . 
fibonacci :: fibonacci ( c. 1175 – c. 1250 ) was an italian mathematician from the republic of pisa , considered to be " the most talented western mathematician of the middle ages " . 
oslo :: oslo ( , , ) is the capital and the most populous city in norway . 
boann :: boann or boand ( modern spelling : bóinn ) is the irish goddess of the river boyne , a river in leinster , ireland . 
ice-t :: tracy lauren marrow ( born february 16 , 1958 ) , better known by his stage name ice - t , is an american musician , rapper , songwriter , actor , record executive , record producer , and author . 
analemma :: in astronomy , an analemma (; from greek " analēmma " " support " ) is a diagram showing the variation of the position of the sun in the sky over the course of a year , as viewed at a fixed time of day and from a fixed location on the earth . 
maildir :: the maildir e - mail format is a common way of storing e - mail messages , where each message is kept in a separate file with a unique name , and each folder is a directory . 
haverhill :: haverhill is the name of a number of different places in the world : 
hradčany :: hradčany (; ) , the castle district , is the district of the city of prague , czech republic surrounding prague castle . 
soliton :: in mathematics and physics , a soliton is a self - reinforcing solitary wave packet that maintains its shape while it propagates at a constant velocity . 
logrolling :: logrolling is the trading of favors , or " quid pro quo " , such as vote trading by legislative members to obtain passage of actions of interest to each legislative member . 
cathedral :: a cathedral is a christian church which contains the seat of a bishop , thus serving as the central church of a diocese , conference , or episcopate . 
cadfael :: brother cadfael is the main fictional character in a series of historical murder mysteries written between 1977 and 1994 by the linguist - scholar edith pargeter under the name " ellis peters " . 
maremma :: the maremma is a coastal area of western central italy , bordering the tyrrhenian sea . 
accrington :: accrington is a town in the hyndburn borough of lancashire , england . 
phobetor :: in ovid 's metamorphoses , phobetor ( , " frightening " ) or icelus ( ἴκελος , " íkelos " ) was one of the oneiroi , the personifications of dreaming . 
zeuxippe :: in greek mythology , zeuxippe (; ) was the name of several women . 
waveplate :: a waveplate or retarder is an optical device that alters the polarization state of a light wave travelling through it . 
rwanda :: rwanda ( or ; ) , officially the republic of rwanda (; ) , is a sovereign state in central and east africa and one of the smallest countries on the african mainland . 
amplitude :: the amplitude of a periodic variable is a measure of its change over a single period ( such as time or spatial period ) . 
echinococcosis :: echinococcosis is a parasitic disease of tapeworms of the " echinococcus " type . 
parlophone :: parlophone records limited ( also known as parlophone records and parlophone ) is a german - british major record label founded in germany in 1896 by the carl lindström company as parlophon . 
canyon :: a canyon ( spanish : cañón ; archaic british english spelling : cañon ) or gorge is a deep cleft between escarpments or cliffs resulting from weathering and the erosive activity of a river over geologic timescales . 
dolphin :: dolphins are a widely distributed and diverse group of aquatic mammals . 
buick :: buick ( ) , formally the buick motor division , is an upscale automobile brand of the american manufacturer general motors ( gm ) . 
muskeg :: muskeg (; , lit . " moss bog " ) is an acidic soil type common in arctic and boreal areas , although it is found in other northern climates as well . 
quadrilateral :: in euclidean plane geometry , a quadrilateral is a polygon with four edges ( or sides ) and four vertices or corners . 
bit :: the bit ( a portmanteau of binary digit ) is a basic unit of information used in computing and digital communications . 
lazio :: lazio ( , ; ; ) is one of the 20 administrative regions of italy . 
cysteine :: cysteine ( abbreviated as cys or c ) is a semi - essential proteinogenic amino acid with the formula hocch(nh)chsh . 
anacardium :: anacardium is a genus of flowering plants in the family anacardiaceae , native to tropical regions of the americas . 
fianna :: fianna ( singular fiann ) were small , semi - independent warrior bands in irish mythology . 
hurling :: hurling ( , ' ) is an outdoor team game of ancient gaelic and irish origin and is the fastest field sport in the world . 
herbivore :: a herbivore is an animal anatomically and physiologically adapted to eating plant material , for example foliage , for the main component of its diet . 
idb :: idb can mean : 
badagas :: the badugas ( locally known as baduguru ) live in the nilgiri hills of tamil nadu , india . 
epidemic :: an epidemic ( from greek ἐπί " epi " " upon or above " and δῆμος " demos " " people " ) is the rapid spread of infectious disease to a large number of people in a given population within a short period of time , usually two weeks or less . 
fly :: true flies are insects of the order diptera , the name being derived from the greek δι- " di- " " two " , and πτερόν " pteron " " wings " . 
serbs :: the serbs ( , ) are a south slavic ethnic group that formed in the balkans . 
yankee :: the term " yankee " and its contracted form " yank " have several interrelated meanings , all referring to people from the united states . 
tashkent :: tashkent (; , " тошкент " , تاشكېنت , ; , ) is the capital and largest city of uzbekistan in central asia , with a population in 2012 of 2,309,300 . 
reykjavík :: reykjavík ( , ; ) is the capital and largest city of iceland . 
perspiration :: perspiration , also known as sweating or diaphoresis , is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals . 
geomorphology :: geomorphology ( from ancient greek : γῆ , " gê " , " earth " ; μορφή , " morphḗ " , " form " ; and λόγος , " lógos " , " study " ) is the scientific study of the origin and evolution of topographic and bathymetric features created by physical , chemical or biological processes operating at or near the earth 's surface . 
cyprian :: cyprian (; 200 – september 14 , 258 ad ) was bishop of carthage and a notable early christian writer of berber descent , many of whose latin works are extant . 
zosimus :: zosimus ( ; also known by the latin name zosimus historicus , i.e. " zosimus the historian " ; fl . 
variance :: in probability theory and statistics , variance is the expectation of the squared deviation of a random variable from its mean . 
tuvalu :: tuvalu ( or ) , formerly known as the ellice islands , is a polynesian island nation located in the pacific ocean , about midway between hawaii and australia , lying east - northeast of the santa cruz islands ( belonging to the solomons ) , southeast of nauru , south of kiribati , west of tokelau , northwest of samoa and wallis and futuna and north of fiji . 
alto :: the musical term alto , meaning " high " in ( latin : ) , refers to the second highest part of a contrapuntal musical texture and is also applied to its associated vocal range , especially in choral music . 
pantheism :: pantheism is the belief that all reality is identical with divinity , or that everything composes an all - encompassing , immanent god . 
thelema :: thelema ( ) is a social or spiritual philosophy derived from western esotericism . 
rhyme :: a rhyme is a repetition of similar sounds ( or the same sound ) in two or more words , most often in the final syllables of lines in poems and songs . 
bracket :: a bracket is a tall punctuation mark typically used in matched pairs within text , to set apart or interject other text . 
peafowl :: the peafowl include three species of birds in the genera " pavo " and " afropavo " of the phasianidae family , the pheasants and their allies . 
plankalkül :: plankalkül ( , " plan calculus " ) is a programming language designed for engineering purposes by konrad zuse between 1942 and 1945 . 
damocles :: damocles (; " dāmoklē̂s " , literally : " fame of the people " ) is a figure featured in a single moral anecdote commonly referred to as " the sword of damocles " , an allusion to the imminent and ever - present peril faced by those in positions of power . 
commodus :: commodus ( 31 august 161ad– 31 december 192ad ) , born lucius aurelius commodus and died lucius aelius aurelius commodus , was roman emperor from177 to 192 . 
spearmint :: spearmint , or spear mint ( binomial " mentha spicata " , synonym " mentha viridis " ) , also known as garden mint , " common mint " , " lamb mint " and " mackerel mint " , is a species of mint native to much of europe and asia ( middle east , himalayas , china etc . ) , and naturalized in parts of northern and western africa , north america , and south america , as well as various oceanic islands . 
meteorology :: meteorology is a branch of the atmospheric sciences which includes atmospheric chemistry and atmospheric physics , with a major focus on weather forecasting . 
castries :: castries , population 20,000 , aggl . 
torch :: a torch is a stick with combustible material at one end , which is ignited and used as a light source . 
lagoon :: a lagoon is a shallow body of water separated from a larger body of water by barrier islands or reefs . 
garuda :: the garuda is a large legendary bird , bird - like creature , or humanoid bird that appears in both hindu and buddhist mythology . 
monastery :: a monastery is a building or complex of buildings comprising the domestic quarters and workplaces of monastics , monks or nuns , whether living in communities or alone ( hermits ) . 
sitar :: the sitar ( or ; urdu : ) is a plucked stringed instrument used in hindustani classical music . 
eithne :: eithne is a female personal name of irish origin . 
kwanzaa :: kwanzaa ( ) is a week - long celebration held in the united states and in other nations of the west african diaspora in the americas . 
smuggling :: smuggling is the illegal transportation of objects , substances , information or people , such as out of a house or buildings , into a prison , or across an international border , in violation of applicable laws or other regulations . 
thallium :: thallium is a chemical element with symbol tl and atomic number 81 . 
bus :: a bus ( archaically also omnibus , multibus , motorbus , autobus ) is a road vehicle designed to carry many passengers . 
lacrosse :: lacrosse is a team sport played between two teams using a lacrosse stick and a lacrosse ball . 
montanism :: montanism , known by its adherents as the new prophecy , was an early christian movement of the late 2nd century , later referred to by the name of its founder , montanus . 
bragi :: bragi is the skaldic god of poetry in norse mythology . 
shellsort :: shellsort , also known as shell sort or shell 's method , is an in - place comparison sort . 
watchmen :: watchmen is an american comic - book limited series published by dc comics in 1986 and 1987 , and collected in 1987 . 
siderno :: siderno ( ) is a town and " comune " located in calabria , italy about 3 kilometres from locri . 
sparrow :: sparrows are a family of small passerine birds , passeridae . 
yahweh :: yahweh ( , or often in english ; ) was the national god of the iron age kingdoms of israel ( samaria ) and judah . 
breakfast :: breakfast is the first meal of a day , most often eaten in the early morning before undertaking the day 's work . 
hagfish :: hagfish , the class myxini ( also known as hyperotreti ) , are eel - shaped , slime - producing marine fish ( occasionally called slime eels ) . 
bassoon :: the bassoon is a woodwind instrument in the double reed family that typically plays music written in the bass and tenor clefs , and occasionally the treble . 
oxygen :: oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8 . 
beowulf :: beowulf ( ) is an old english epic poem consisting of 3,182 alliterative lines . 
anise :: anise (; ' ) , also called aniseed " ' , is a flowering plant in the family apiaceae native to the eastern mediterranean region and southwest asia . 
humus :: in soil science , humus ( coined 1790–1800 ; from the latin " humus " : earth , ground ) refers to the fraction of soil organic matter that is amorphous and without the " cellular cake structure characteristic of plants , micro - organisms or animals . " 
senegal :: senegal (; ) , officially the republic of senegal ( ) , is a country in west africa . 
lavinia :: in roman mythology , lavinia (; ) is the daughter of latinus and amata and the last wife of aeneas . 
germany :: germany (; , ) , officially the federal republic of germany ( , ) , is a federal parliamentary republic in central - western europe . 
opeth :: opeth is a swedish heavy metal band from stockholm , formed in 1989 . 
aldebaran :: aldebaran , designated alpha tauri ( α tauri , abbreviated alpha tau , α tau ) , is an orange giant star located about 65 light years from the sun in the zodiac constellation of taurus . 
antigone :: in greek mythology , antigone ( ; ) is the daughter / sister of oedipus and his mother , jocasta . 
deuterium :: deuterium ( or hydrogen-2 , symbol ' or ' , also known as heavy hydrogen ) is one of two stable isotopes of hydrogen ( the other being protium , or hydrogen-1 ) . 
discordianism :: discordianism is a paradigm based upon the book " principia discordia , " written by greg hill with kerry wendell thornley in 1963 , the two working under the pseudonyms malaclypse the younger and omar khayyam ravenhurst . 
pandarus :: pandarus or pandar ( , " pándaros " ) is a trojan aristocrat who appears in stories about the trojan war . 
tongue-twister :: a tongue - twister is a phrase that is designed to be difficult to articulate properly , and can be used as a type of spoken ( or sung ) word game . 
cyanoacrylate :: cyanoacrylates are a family of strong fast - acting adhesives with industrial , medical , and household uses . 
inflammation :: inflammation ( from latin " inflammatio " ) is part of the complex biological response of body tissues to harmful stimuli , such as pathogens , damaged cells , or irritants , and is a protective response involving immune cells , blood vessels , and molecular mediators . 
weber :: weber ( , or ; german : ) is a surname of german origin , derived from the noun meaning " weaver " . 
reification :: reification is making something real , bringing something into being , or making something concrete . 
r :: r ( named " ar / or " ) is the 18th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
eth :: eth ( , uppercase : ð , lowercase : ð ; also spelled edh or eð ) is a letter used in old english , middle english , icelandic , faroese ( in which it is called " edd " ) , and elfdalian . 
vardar :: the vardar or axios (; ) is the longest and major river in the republic of macedonia and also a major river of greece . 
fco :: fco may mean : 
eumelus :: eumelus was the name of : 
cross-platform :: in computing , cross - platform software ( also multi - platform software or platform - independent software ) is computer software that is implemented on multiple computing platforms . 
ginger :: ginger ( " zingiber officinale " ) is a flowering plant whose rhizome , ginger root or simply ginger , is widely used as a spice or a folk medicine . 
luxembourg :: luxembourg ( ) ( ; , ) , officially the grand duchy of luxembourg , is a landlocked country in western europe . 
balor :: in irish mythology , balor ( modern spelling : balar ) was king of named fomorians , a group of supernatural beings . 
mahātmā :: mahatma ( ) is sanskrit for " great soul " ( महात्मा " mahātmā " : महा " mahā " ( great ) + आत्मं or आत्मन " ātman " [ soul ] ) . 
simultaneity :: simultaneity is the relation between two events assumed to be happening at the same time in a frame of reference . 
starch :: starch or amylum is a polymeric carbohydrate consisting of a large number of glucose units joined by glycosidic bonds . 
symphytum :: symphytum is a genus of flowering plants in the family boraginaceae . 
biplane :: a biplane is a fixed - wing aircraft with two main wings stacked one above the other . 
horseshoe :: a horseshoe is a fabricated product , normally made of metal , although sometimes made partially or wholly of modern synthetic materials , designed to protect a horse 's hoof from wear . 
cartomancy :: cartomancy is fortune - telling or divination using a deck of cards . 
alcathous :: alcathous (; ancient greek : ἀλκάθοος ) was the name of several people in greek mythology : 
alans :: the alans ( or " alani " ) were an iranian nomadic pastoral people of antiquity . 
fotheringhay :: fotheringhay is a village and civil parish in northamptonshire , england , north - east of oundle and around west of peterborough . 
polyploid :: polyploid cells and organisms are those containing more than two paired ( homologous ) sets of chromosomes . 
ahenobarbus :: ahenobarbus was a " cognomen " used by a plebeian branch of the " gens domitia " in the late roman republic and early empire . 
netscape :: netscape communications ( formerly known as netscape communications corporation or netscape ) is an american computer services company known for its web browser , netscape navigator . 
radon :: radon is a chemical element with symbol rn and atomic number 86 . 
tigellinus :: ofonius tigellinus , also known as tigellinus ofonius , ophonius tigellinus and sophonius tigellinus ( c. 10–69 ) , was a prefect of the roman imperial bodyguard , known as the praetorian guard , from 62 until 68 , during the reign of emperor nero . 
hanukkah :: hanukkah ( ; ' , tiberian : ' , usually spelled , pronounced in modern hebrew , or in yiddish ; a transliteration also romanized as chanukah or ḥanukah ) is a jewish holiday commemorating the rededication of the holy temple ( the second temple ) in jerusalem at the time of the maccabean revolt against the seleucid empire . 
proteome :: the proteome is the entire set of proteins expressed by a genome , cell , tissue , or organism at a certain time . 
thaana :: thaana , taana or tāna ( in tāna script ) is the present writing system of the maldivian language spoken in the maldives . 
aluminium :: aluminium or aluminum is a chemical element with symbol al and atomic number 13 . 
poutine :: poutine (; ) is a québécois dish originally made with french fries and cheese curds topped with a brown gravy . 
nairobi :: nairobi (; ) is the capital and largest city of kenya . 
seine-maritime :: seine - maritime ( ) is a department of france in the normandy region of northern france . 
numismatics :: numismatics is the study or collection of currency , including coins , tokens , paper money , and related objects . 
combustion :: combustion or burning is a high - temperature exothermic redox chemical reaction between a fuel ( the reductant ) and an oxidant , usually atmospheric oxygen , that produces oxidized , often gaseous products , in a mixture termed as smoke . 
algol :: algol ( short for algorithmic language ) is a family of imperative computer programming languages , originally developed in the mid-1950s , which greatly influenced many other languages and was the standard method for algorithm description used by the acm in textbooks and academic sources for more than thirty years . 
benalla :: benalla is a small city located on the broken river in the high country north - eastern region of victoria , australia , about north east of the state capital melbourne . 
henotheism :: henotheism ( ) is the worship of a single god while not denying the existence or possible existence of other deities . 
ramoth-gilead :: ramoth - gilead ( , meaning " heights of gilead " ) , was a levitical city and city of refuge east of the jordan river in the hebrew bible , also called " ramoth in gilead " ( deuteronomy ; joshua ; ) or " ramoth galaad " in the douay - rheims bible . 
baden-baden :: baden - baden is a spa town , located in the state of baden - württemberg in southwestern germany . 
scouting :: scouting or the scout movement is a movement that aims to support young people in their physical , mental and spiritual development , that they may play constructive roles in society , with a strong focus on the outdoors and survival skills . 
tisiphone :: tisiphone , or tilphousia , was one of the three erinyes or furies . 
bebop :: bebop or bop is a style of jazz developed in the early to mid-1940s in the united states , which features songs characterized by a fast tempo , complex chord progressions with rapid chord changes and numerous changes of key , instrumental virtuosity , and improvisation based on a combination of harmonic structure , the use of scales and occasional references to the melody . 
carniola :: carniola ( slovene , ; ; ; ) was a historical region that comprised parts of present - day slovenia . 
mermaid :: a mermaid is a legendary aquatic creature with the head and upper body of a female human and the tail of a fish . 
ichor :: in greek mythology , ichor ( or ; ) is the ethereal fluid that is the blood of the gods and/or immortals . 
chiropractic :: chiropractic is a form of alternative medicine mostly concerned with the diagnosis and treatment of mechanical disorders of the musculoskeletal system , especially the spine . 
pride :: pride is an inwardly directed emotion that carries two antithetical meanings . 
mystara :: mystara is a campaign setting for the " dungeons & dragons " fantasy role playing game . 
aarhus :: aarhus (; officially spelled århus from 1948 until 31 december 2010 ) is the second - largest city in denmark and the seat of aarhus municipality . 
idas :: in greek mythology , idas ( " ; " ancient greek : ἴδας " ídas " ) , was a messenian prince . 
crux :: crux is a constellation located in the southern sky in a bright portion of the milky way . 
aperture :: in optics , an aperture is a hole or an opening through which light travels . 
maastricht :: maastricht (; limburgish : " mestreech " ; french : " maestricht " ; spanish : " mastrique " ) is a city and a municipality in the southeast of the netherlands . 
february :: february is the second month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars . 
balaam :: balaam /ˈbeɪlæm/ ( , " bilʻam " " bilʻām " ) is a diviner in the torah , his story occurring towards the end of the book of numbers ( ) . 
unicycle :: a unicycle is a vehicle that touches the ground with only one wheel . 
drechtsteden :: the drechtsteden ( dutch for " drecht cities " ) are a number of towns and cities bordering each other in the delta area of the rivers oude maas , noord , and beneden - merwede in the province of south holland , netherlands . 
turmeric :: turmeric ( " curcuma longa " ) ( ) is a rhizomatous herbaceous perennial plant of the ginger family , zingiberaceae . 
closet :: a closet ( especially in north american usage ) is an enclosed space , a cabinet , or a cupboard in a house or building used for general storage or hanging or storing clothes . 
moneta :: in roman mythology , moneta ( latin monēta ) was a title given to two separate goddesses : the goddess of memory ( identified with the greek goddess mnemosyne ) and an epithet of juno , called juno moneta ( latin iūno monēta ) . 
muspelheim :: in norse mythology , muspelheim ( ) , also called muspell ( ) , is a realm of fire . 
amélie :: amélie ( also known as le fabuleux destin d'amélie poulain ; ; ) is a 2001 french romantic comedy film directed by jean - pierre jeunet . 
olive :: the olive , known by the botanical name olea europaea , meaning " european olive " , is a species of small tree in the family oleaceae , found in the mediterranean basin from portugal to the levant , the arabian peninsula , and southern asia as far east as china , as well as the canary islands and réunion . 
aconitine :: aconitine is a toxin produced by the " aconitum " plant , also known as devil ’s helmet or monkshood . 
melicertes :: in greek mythology , melicertes ( ancient greek μελικέρτης , sometimes melecertes , later called palaemon παλαίμων ) is the son of the boeotian prince athamas and ino , daughter of cadmus . 
peritoneum :: the peritoneum is the serous membrane that forms the lining of the abdominal cavity or coelom in amniotes and some invertebrates , such as annelids . 
hatshepsut :: hatshepsut (; also hatchepsut ; egyptian : " ḥ3.t-šps.wt " " foremost of noble ladies " ; 1507–1458 bc ) was the fifth pharaoh of the eighteenth dynasty of egypt . 
rome :: rome ( ; , ) is the capital of italy and a special comune ( named " comune di roma capitale " ) . 
blitzkrieg :: blitzkrieg ( german , " lightning war " ) is a method of warfare whereby an attacking force , spearheaded by a dense concentration of armoured and motorised or mechanised infantry formations with close air support , breaks through the opponent 's line of defence by short , fast , powerful attacks and then dislocates the defenders , using speed and surprise to encircle them . 
nim :: variants of nim have been played since ancient times . 
quidditch :: in the world of " harry potter " novels and movies , quidditch is a magical competitive sport involving flying contestants . 
orthrus :: in greek mythology , orthrus ( , " orthros " ) or orthus ( , " orthos " ) was , according to the mythographer apollodorus , a two - headed dog who guarded geryon 's cattle and was killed by heracles . 
desmothoracid :: order desmothoracida , the desmothoracids , are a group of heliozoan protists , usually sessile and found in freshwater environments . 
liliales :: liliales ( older name : lilia ) is an order of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the angiosperm phylogeny group and angiosperm phylogeny web system , within the lilioid monocots . 
goshen :: goshen is a hebrew place name describing an area in ancient egypt 's nile delta . 
mormonism :: mormonism is the predominant religious tradition of the latter day saint movement of restorationist christianity . 
laos :: laos ( , , or ; , , " lāo " ) , officially the lao people 's democratic republic ( lao : ສາທາລະນະລັດ ປະຊາທິປະໄຕ ປະຊາຊົນລາວ , " sathalanalat paxathipatai paxaxon lao " ) , commonly referred to by its colloquial name of muang lao ( lao : ເມືອງລາວ , " muang lao " ) , is a landlocked country in the heart of the indochinese peninsula of mainland southeast asia , bordered by myanmar ( burma ) and china to the northwest , vietnam to the east , cambodia to the southwest and thailand to the west and southwest . 
jenin :: jenin (; " ") is a palestinian city in the northern west bank . 
mindelo :: mindelo ( cape verdean creole : " mindel’ " ) is a port city in the northern part of the island of são vicente in cape verde . 
eurytus :: eurytus ( ) , erytus ( ) , or eurytos ( εὔρυτος ) is the name of several characters in greek mythology , and of at least one historical figure . 
psychophysiology :: psychophysiology ( from greek , " psȳkhē " , " breath , life , soul " ; , " physis " , " nature , origin " ; and , " -logia " ) is the branch of psychology that is concerned with the physiological bases of psychological processes . 
kerch :: kerch ( , , old east slavic : кърчевъ , ancient greek : " pantikapaion " , , ) is a city of regional significance on the kerch peninsula in the east of the crimea . 
marne :: marne ( ) is a department in north - eastern france named after the river marne ( " matrona " in roman times ) which flows through the department . 
hector :: in greek mythology and roman mythology , hector ( " hektōr " , ) was a trojan prince and the greatest fighter for troy in the trojan war . 
tallinn :: tallinn ( or , ; names in other languages ) is the capital and largest city of estonia . 
nihonium :: nihonium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol nh and atomic number 113 . 
padua :: padua ( or , ; ) is a city and " comune " in veneto , northern italy . 
refugee :: a refugee , generally speaking , is a displaced person who has been forced to cross national boundaries and who can not return home safely ( for more detail see legal definition ) . 
rosoideae :: the rose subfamily rosoideae consists of more than 850 species , including many shrubs , perennial herbs , and fruit plants such as strawberries and brambles . 
ligase :: in biochemistry , a ligase is an enzyme that can catalyze the joining of two large molecules by forming a new chemical bond , usually with accompanying hydrolysis of a small pendant chemical group on one of the larger molecules or the enzyme catalyzing the linking together of two compounds , e.g. , enzymes that catalyze joining of c - o , c - s , c - n , etc . 
phenols :: in organic chemistry , phenols , sometimes called phenolics , are a class of chemical compounds consisting of a hydroxyl group ( —oh ) bonded directly to an aromatic hydrocarbon group . 
purine :: a purine is a heterocyclic aromatic organic compound that consists of a pyrimidine ring fused to an imidazole ring . 
songbird :: a songbird is a bird belonging to the clade passeri of the perching birds ( passeriformes ) . 
gnome :: a gnome is a diminutive spirit in renaissance magic and alchemy , first introduced by paracelsus in the 16th century and later adopted by more recent authors including those of modern fantasy literature . 
numerian :: numerian (; died 20 november 284 ) was roman emperor from 283 to 284 with his older brother carinus . 
scabbard :: a scabbard is a sheath for holding a sword , knife , or other large blade . 
vapor :: in physics a vapor ( american ) or vapour ( british ) is a substance in the gas phase at a temperature lower than its critical temperature , which means that the vapor can be condensed to a liquid by increasing the pressure on it without reducing the temperature . 
ribose :: ribose is a carbohydrate with the formula cho ; specifically , it is a pentose monosaccharide ( simple sugar ) with linear form h−(c = o)−(choh)−h , which has all the hydroxyl groups on the same side in the fischer projection . 
php :: php is a server - side scripting language designed primarily for web development but also used as a general - purpose programming language . 
prunus :: prunus is a genus of trees and shrubs , which includes the plums , cherries , peaches , nectarines , apricots and almonds . 
pryderi :: pryderi fab pwyll is a prominent figure in welsh mythology , the son of pwyll and rhiannon , and king of dyfed after his father 's death . 
devil :: the devil ( from greek : διάβολος or " diábolos " slanderer or accuser ) is , according to christianity , the primary opponent of god . 
witness :: a witness is someone who has , who claims to have , or is thought , by someone with authority to compel testimony , to have knowledge relevant to an event or other matter of interest . 
viaticum :: viaticum is a term used especially in the catholic church for the eucharist ( also called holy communion ) administered , with or without anointing of the sick ( also called extreme unction ) , to a person who is dying , and is thus a part of the last rites . 
ringworld :: ringworld is a 1970 science fiction novel by larry niven , set in his known space universe and considered a classic of science fiction literature . 
braunschweig :: braunschweig (; low german : " brunswiek " ) , also called brunswick in english , is a city of 252,768 people ( as of 31 december 2015 ) , located in the state of lower saxony , germany . 
lucasfilm :: lucasfilm ltd. llc is an american film and television production company based in the letterman digital arts center in san francisco , california . 
reproducibility :: reproducibility is the ability to get the same research results using the raw data and computer programs provided by the researchers . 
fatah :: fataḥ ( ' ) , formerly the palestinian national liberation movement , is a palestinian nationalist political party and the largest faction of the confederated multi - party palestine liberation organization ( plo ) . 
laius :: in greek mythology , king laius ( pronounced ) , or laios ( ) of thebes was a divine hero and key personage in the theban founding myth . 
dhimmi :: a ( " " , , collectively " / " " the people of the " dhimma " " ) is a historical term referring to non - muslim citizens of an islamic state . 
moğollar :: moğollar ( " mongols " in turkish ) is one of the pioneer bands in turkish rock music for about 40 years and one of the founders of turkish folk rock ( or anatolian rock ) . 
bujumbura :: bujumbura (; ) , formerly usumbura , is the capital , largest city , and main port of burundi . 
r.u.r. :: r.u.r. is a 1920 science fiction play by the czech writer karel čapek . 
medea :: in greek mythology , medea (; , " mēdeia " , ) was the daughter of king aeëtes of colchis , niece of circe , granddaughter of the sun god helios , and later wife to the hero jason . 
panentheism :: panentheism ( from the ancient greek expression πᾶν ἐν θεῷ , " pān en theṓ " , literally “ all in god ” ) is the belief that the divine pervades and interpenetrates every part of the universe and also extends beyond time and space . 
dahomey :: the kingdom of dahomey ( ) was an african kingdom ( located in the area of the present - day country of benin ) that existed from about 1600 until 1894 , when the last king , béhanzin , was defeated by the french , and the country was annexed into the french colonial empire . 
langres :: langres ( ) is a commune in northeastern france . 
whistleblower :: a whistleblower ( also written as whistle - blower or whistle blower ) is a person who exposes any kind of information or activity that is deemed illegal , unethical , or not correct within an organization that is either private or public . 
grimhild :: in norse mythology , grimhild or grímhildr ( " masked battle " ) was a beautiful but evil woman . 
britomartis :: britomartis ( ) was a greek goddess of mountains and hunting , who was primarily worshipped on the island of crete . 
ovary :: the ovary ( from , literally " egg " or " nut " ) is an ovum - producing reproductive organ , found in double pairs in the female as part of the vertebrate female reproductive system . 
monetarism :: monetarism is a school of thought in monetary economics that emphasizes the role of governments in controlling the amount of money in circulation . 
pelias :: pelias (; ) was king of iolcus in greek mythology . 
bavarian :: bavarian is the adjective form of the german state of bavaria , and refers to people of ancestry from bavaria . 
kuvasz :: the kuvasz ( ) , is an ancient breed of a livestock dog of hungarian origin . 
operetta :: operetta is a genre of light opera , " light " in terms both of music and subject matter . 
nitaskinan :: nitaskinan is the ancestral homeland of the atikamekw people . 
investment :: to invest is to allocate money ( or sometimes another resource , such as time ) in the expectation of some benefit in the future , for example , investment on durable good such as real estate for service industry and factory for manufacturing product development , which are two common types for micro - economic output in modern economy . 
catiline :: lucius sergius catilina , known in english as catiline (; 108–62 bc ) , was a roman senator of the 1st century bc best known for the second catilinarian conspiracy , an attempt to overthrow the roman republic and , in particular , the power of the aristocratic senate . 
slope :: in mathematics , the slope or gradient of a line is a number that describes both the " direction " and the " steepness " of the line . 
sylt :: sylt (; ; söl'ring north frisian : " söl " ) is an island in northern germany , part of nordfriesland district , schleswig - holstein , and well known for the distinctive shape of its shoreline . 
spreadsheet :: a spreadsheet is an interactive computer application for organization , analysis and storage of data in tabular form . 
beirut :: beirut ( " " , ) is the capital and largest city of lebanon . 
hymenoptera :: females typically have a special ovipositor for inserting eggs into hosts or places that are otherwise inaccessible . 
cinematographer :: a cinematographer or director of photography ( sometimes shortened to dp or dop ) is the chief over the camera and light crews working on a film , television production or other live action piece and is responsible for making artistic and technical decisions related to the image . 
imz-ural :: imz - ural ( ) is a russian maker of heavy sidecar motorcycles . 
abandinus :: abandinus was a name used to refer to a celtic god or male spirit worshipped in godmanchester in cambridgeshire during the romano - celtic period . 
berlin :: berlin ( , ) is the capital and the largest city of germany as well as one of its 16 constituent states . 
valhalla :: in norse mythology , valhalla ( from old norse valhöll " hall of the slain " ) is a majestic , enormous hall located in asgard , ruled over by the god odin . 
kalisz :: kalisz (; old greek : " καλισία " , latin : " calisia " , yiddish : " קאַליש " , ) is a city in central poland with 103,738 inhabitants ( june 2014 ) , the capital city of the kalisz region . 
omniscience :: omniscience , mainly in religion , is the capacity to know everything that there is to know . 
perjury :: perjury is the intentional act of swearing a false oath or falsifying an affirmation to tell the truth , whether spoken or in writing , concerning matters material to an official proceeding . 
rheged :: rheged ( ) was one of the kingdoms of the " hen ogledd " ( " old north " ) , the brittonic - speaking region of what is now northern england and southern scotland , during the post - roman era and early middle ages . 
phytoplankton :: phytoplankton are the autotrophic ( self - feeding ) components of the plankton community and a key part of oceans , seas and freshwater basin ecosystems . 
abila :: abila is the name of several places : 
folkestone :: folkestone is a port town on the english channel , in kent , south - east england . 
lego :: lego (; stylized as lego ) is a line of plastic construction toys that are manufactured by the lego group , a privately held company based in billund , denmark . 
subgroup :: in group theory , a branch of mathematics , given a group " g " under a binary operation ∗ , a subset " h " of " g " is called a subgroup of " g " if " h " also forms a group under the operation ∗. more precisely , " h " is a subgroup of " g " if the restriction of ∗ to is a group operation on " h " . 
collectivism :: collectivism is the moral stance , political philosophy , ideology , or social outlook that emphasizes the group and its interests . 
puffin :: puffins are any of three small species of alcids ( auks ) in the bird genus " fratercula " with a brightly coloured beak during the breeding season . 
cola :: cola is a sweetened , carbonated soft drink , made from ingredients that contain caffeine from the kola nut and non - cocaine derivatives from coca leaves , flavored with vanilla and other ingredients . 
kashmir :: kashmir is the northernmost geographical region of the indian subcontinent . 
judo :: the philosophy and subsequent pedagogy developed for judo became the model for other modern japanese martial arts that developed from . 
peroxisome :: a peroxisome is a type of organelle known as a microbody , found in virtually all eukaryotic cells . 
tokelau :: tokelau (; lit . " north - northeast " . ) 
angilbert :: saint angilbert ( – 18 february 814 ) , sometimes known as angilberk or engelbert , was a noble frankish poet who was educated under alcuin and served charlemagne as a secretary , diplomat , and son - in - law . 
zalophus :: zalophus is a genus of the family otariidae ( sea lions and fur seals ) of order carnivora . 
afghan :: afghan ( pashto/ ; see " etymology " ) refers to someone or something from afghanistan , in particular a citizen of that country . 
ulster :: ulster (; or " cúige uladh " , ulster scots : " ulstèr " or " ulster " ) is a province in the north of the island of ireland . 
astrochemistry :: astrochemistry is the study of the abundance and reactions of molecules in the universe , and their interaction with radiation . 
stoichiometry :: stoichiometry is the calculation of relative quantities of reactants and products in chemical reactions . 
atherosclerosis :: atherosclerosis ( also known as arteriosclerotic vascular disease or asvd ) is a specific form of arteriosclerosis in which an artery wall thickens as a result of invasion and accumulation of white blood cells ( macrophages and foam cells ) and proliferation of intimal - smooth - muscle cell creating an atheromatous ( fibrofatty ) plaque . 
emotion :: emotion is any conscious experience characterized by intense mental activity and a high degree of pleasure or displeasure . 
kinderhook :: there are several places named kinderhook in the united states : 
octahedron :: in geometry , an octahedron ( plural : octahedra ) is a polyhedron with eight faces , twelve edges , and six vertices . 
brynhildr :: brynhildr ( also spelled brünhild , brunnhilde , brynhild ) is a shieldmaiden and a valkyrie in germanic mythology , where she appears as a main character in the " völsunga saga " and some eddic poems treating the same events . 
fascism :: fascism is a form of radical authoritarian nationalism , characterized by dictatorial power , forcible suppression of opposition and control of industry and commerce that came to prominence in early 20th - century europe . 
haemus :: in greek mythology , king haemus of thrace (; , " haîmos " ) was the son of boreas . 
retinol :: retinol , also known as vitamin a , is a vitamin found in food and used as a dietary supplement . 
shoot :: in botany , shoots consist of stems including their appendages , the leaves and lateral buds , flowering stems and flower buds . 
truetype :: truetype is an outline font standard developed by apple and microsoft in the late 1980s as a competitor to adobe 's type 1 fonts used in postscript . 
eh :: eh ( or ) is a spoken interjection in english that is similar in meaning to " excuse me ? , " " please repeat that " , or " huh ? " . 
troposphere :: the troposphere is the lowest portion of earth 's atmosphere , and is also where nearly all weather conditions take place . 
zaire :: zaire ( ) , officially the republic of zaire (; ) , was the name for the democratic republic of the congo that existed between 1971 and 1997 in central africa . 
normandie-niemen :: the normandie - niemen regiment ( ) is a fighter squadron , later regiment ( of three squadrons ) of the french air force . 
caturix :: caturix was the war god of the helvetii . 
datasaab :: datasaab was the computer division of , and later a separate company spun off from , aircraft manufacturer saab in linköping , sweden . 
zedekiah :: zedekiah (; ; greek : σεδεκίας , " sedekías " ; ) , also written tzidkiyahu , was a biblical character , the last king of judah before the destruction of the kingdom by babylon . 
john-f.-kennedy-platz :: john - f .- kennedy - platz ( john f. kennedy square ) , formerly rudolph - wilde - platz , in berlin - schöneberg is the square in front of the former city hall of west berlin ( rathaus schöneberg ) . 
dementia :: dementia is a broad category of brain diseases that cause a long - term and often gradual decrease in the ability to think and remember that is great enough to affect a person 's daily functioning . 
pine :: a pine is any conifer in the genus pinus , , of the family pinaceae . 
hindu :: hindu ( ) refers to any person who regards themselves as culturally , ethnically , or religiously adhering to aspects of hinduism . 
nucleosynthesis :: nucleosynthesis is the process that creates new atomic nuclei from pre - existing nucleons , primarily protons and neutrons . 
vitaceae :: the vitaceae are a family of dicotyledonous flowering plants , with 14 genera and ca 910 known species , including the grapevine and virginia creeper . 
shareware :: shareware is a type of proprietary software which is initially provided free of charge to users , who are allowed and encouraged to make and share copies of the program . 
nusku :: nusku was the name of the light and fire - god in babylonia and assyria , indistinguishable from girru - formerly gibil . 
benelux :: the benelux union (; ) is a politico - economic union of three neighbouring states in western europe : belgium , the netherlands , and luxembourg . 
photography :: photography is the science , art , application and practice of creating durable images by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation , either electronically by means of an image sensor , or chemically by means of a light - sensitive material such as photographic film . 
fjord :: geologically , a fjord or fiord ( ) is a long , narrow inlet with steep sides or cliffs , created by glacial erosion . 
beeswax :: beeswax ( cera alba ) is a natural wax produced by honey bees of the genus " apis " . 
sidero :: in greek mythology , sidero ( , " the iron one " ) was the second wife of salmoneus and stepmother of tyro , whom she mistreated . 
basel :: basel ( also basle or ; ; ; ) is a city in northwestern switzerland on the river rhine . 
single-stage-to-orbit :: a single - stage - to - orbit ( or ssto ) vehicle reaches orbit from the surface of a body without jettisoning hardware , expending only propellants and fluids . 
egyptology :: egyptology ( from " egypt " and greek , " -logia " . ) 
bengal :: bengal (; ) is a geopolitical , cultural and historical region in asia , which is located in the eastern part of the indian subcontinent at the apex of the bay of bengal . 
pan-germanism :: pan - germanism or pan - germanicism (; see also pan - germanicism ) is a pan - nationalist political idea . 
overtone :: an overtone is any frequency greater than the fundamental frequency of a sound . 
zacchaeus :: zacchaeus , or zaccheus ( , " " ; , " pure " , " innocent " ) , was a chief tax - collector at jericho , mentioned only in the gospel of luke . 
cocaine :: cocaine , also known as coke , is a strong stimulant mostly used as a recreational drug . 
groningen :: groningen (; gronings : " grunnen " ) is the main municipality as well as the capital city of the eponymous province in the netherlands . 
bluethroat :: the bluethroat ( " luscinia svecica " ) is a small passerine bird that was formerly classed as a member of the thrush family turdidae , but is now more generally considered to be an old world flycatcher , muscicapidae . 
hiroshima :: hiroshima is best known as the first city in history to be targeted by a nuclear weapon when the united states army air forces ( usaaf ) dropped an atomic bomb on the city at 8:15 a.m. on august 6 , 1945 , near the end of world war ii . 
saxophone :: the saxophone ( also referred to as the sax ) is a family of woodwind instruments . 
teleconference :: a teleconference or teleseminar is the live exchange and mass articulation of information among several persons and machines remote from one another but linked by a telecommunications system . 
bovinae :: the biological subfamily bovinae includes a diverse group of 10 genera of medium to large - sized ungulates , including domestic cattle , bison , african buffalo , the water buffalo , the yak , and the four - horned and spiral - horned antelopes . 
fontus :: in ancient roman religion , fontus or fons ( plural " fontes " , " font " or " source " ) was a god of wells and springs . 
devanagari :: devanagari ( ; , , a compound of " " deva " " and " " nāgarī " " ; hindi pronunciation : ) , also called nagari ( " nāgarī " , ) , is an abugida ( alphasyllabary ) alphabet of india and nepal . 
allier :: allier ( ) ; is a french department located in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region of central france named after the river allier . 
subject–verb–object :: in linguistic typology , subject– 
suburb :: a suburb is a residential area or a mixed use area , either existing as part of a city or urban area or as a separate residential community within commuting distance of a city . 
veii :: veii ( also veius , ) was an important ancient etruscan city situated on the southern limits of etruria and only north - northwest of rome , italy . 
lamborghini :: automobili lamborghini s.p . a. ( ) is an italian brand and manufacturer of luxury supercars , sports cars and suvs based in sant'agata bolognese , italy . 
cannabis :: cannabis ( ) is a genus of flowering plant in the family cannabaceae . 
euphrosyne :: euphrosyne is a greek female name ; " phroso " or " froso " is its more common derivative . 
galba :: galba (; ; 24 december 3 bc – 15 january 69 ad ) was roman emperor for seven months from 68 to 69 . 
muggle :: in the " harry potter " book series , a muggle ( ) is a person who lacks any sort of magical ability and was not born in a magical family . 
nemed :: nemed or nimeth ( modern spelling : neimheadh ) is a character in medieval irish mythohistory . 
carrollton :: carrollton is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
mesozoa :: the mesozoa ( singular : mesozoon ) are enigmatic , minuscule , worm - like parasites of marine invertebrates . 
idaho :: idaho ( ) is a state in the northwestern region of the united states . 
carbine :: a carbine ( or ) , from french " carabine " , is a long gun firearm but with a shorter barrel than a rifle or musket . 
eurypylus :: in greek mythology , eurypylus ( " eurypylos " ) was the name of several different people : 
theurgy :: theurgy (; from greek θεουργία , " theourgia " ) describes the practice of rituals , sometimes seen as magical in nature , performed with the intention of invoking the action or evoking the presence of one or more gods , especially with the goal of achieving henosis ( uniting with the divine ) and perfecting oneself . 
cloture :: cloture ( , ) , closure , or , informally , a guillotine is a motion or process in parliamentary procedure aimed at bringing debate to a quick end . 
briseis :: brisēís (; , ; also known as hippodameia , ) was a mythical queen in asia minor at the time of the trojan war . 
https :: https ( also called http over transport layer security [ tls ] , http over ssl , and http secure ) is a communications protocol for secure communication over a computer network which is widely used on the internet . 
maldives :: the maldives ( , , or ) , officially the republic of maldives ( , " ") , is a south asian island country , located in the indian ocean , situated in the arabian sea . 
lymphedema :: lymphedema , also known as lymphoedema and lymphatic edema , is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system , which normally returns interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct , then the bloodstream . 
freckle :: freckles , sometimes called ephelides ( singular ephelis ) , are clusters of concentrated melaninized cells which are most easily visible on people with a fair complexion . 
roppongi :: the name " roppongi " , which appears to have been coined around 1660 , literally means " six trees " . 
berbers :: berbers or amazighs ( " imaziɣen " ; singular : ⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵖ " amaziɣ " / " amazigh " ) are an ethnic group indigenous to north africa . 
procrustes :: in greek mythology , procrustes ( προκρούστης " prokroustes " ) or " the stretcher [ who hammers out the metal ] " , also known as prokoptas or damastes ( δαμαστής , " subduer " ) , was a rogue smith and bandit from attica who physically attacked people by stretching them or cutting off their legs , so as to force them to fit the size of an iron bed . procrustean is thus used to describe situations where different lengths or sizes or properties are fitted to an arbitrary standard . 
rhetoric :: rhetoric is the art of discourse , wherein a writer or speaker strives to inform , persuade or motivate particular audiences in specific situations . 
socionics :: socionics , in psychology and sociology , is a theory of information processing and personality type , distinguished by its information model of the psyche ( called " model a " ) and a model of interpersonal relations . 
messiah :: in abrahamic religions , the messiah ( , sometimes spelled moshiach ) , is the one chosen to lead the world and save it . 
xuthus :: in greek mythology , xuthus ( or ; " xouthos " ) was a king of peloponnesus and founder ( through his sons ) of the achaean and ionian nations . 
code :: in communications and information processing , code is a system of rules to convert information — such as a letter , word , sound , image , or gesture — into another form or representation , sometimes shortened or secret , for communication through a channel or storage in a medium . 
december :: december is the twelfth and final month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars . 
anthem :: an anthem is a musical composition of celebration , usually used as a symbol for a distinct group , particularly the national anthems of countries . 
sihon :: sihon , according to the old testament , was an amorite king who refused to let the israelites pass through his country . 
eteocles :: in greek mythology , eteocles (; ) was a king of thebes , the son of oedipus and either jocasta or euryganeia . 
volt :: the volt ( symbol : v ) is the derived unit for electric potential , electric potential difference ( voltage ) , and electromotive force . 
tabernacle :: the tabernacle ( , " mishkan " , " residence " or " dwelling place " ) , according to the hebrew bible , was the portable earthly dwelling place of god amongst the children of israel from the time of the exodus from egypt through the conquering of the land of canaan . 
ahio :: ahio - brotherly . 
eventing :: eventing ( also known as horse trials ) is an equestrian event where a single horse and rider combination compete against other combinations across the three disciplines of dressage , cross - country , and show jumping . 
handfasting :: handfasting may be : 
tigger :: tigger is a fictional tiger character originally introduced in a. a. milne 's book " the house at pooh corner . " 
echemus :: in greek mythology , echemus ( , " ekhemos " ) was the king of arcadia . 
boudica :: boudica or boudicca ( , latinised as boadicea or boudicea , and known in welsh as ) was a queen of the british celtic iceni tribe who led an uprising against the occupying forces of the roman empire in ad 60 or 61 , and died shortly after its failure . 
rice :: rice is the seed of the grass species " oryza sativa " ( asian rice ) or " oryza glaberrima " ( african rice ) . 
gaborone :: gaborone is situated between kgale and oodi hills , near the confluence notwane river and segoditshane river in the south - eastern corner of botswana , and from the south african border . 
picumnus :: in roman mythology , picumnus was a god of fertility , agriculture , matrimony , infants and children . 
proboscidea :: the proboscidea ( from the greek and the latin " proboscis " ) are a taxonomic order of afrotherian mammals containing one living family , elephantidae , and several extinct families . 
logistics :: logistics is generally the detailed organization and implementation of a complex operation . 
hippopotamidae :: hippopotamuses are stout , naked - skinned , and amphibious artiodactyl members ( and the only living members ) of the family hippopotamidae possessing three - chambered stomachs and walking on four toes on each foot . 
spoon :: a spoon is a utensil consisting of a small shallow bowl(also known as a head ) , oval or round , at the end of a handle . 
menstruation :: menstruation , also known as a period or monthly , is the regular discharge of blood and mucosal tissue from the inner lining of the uterus through the vagina . 
yakuza :: , also known as , are members of transnational organized crime syndicates originating in japan . 
keilhauite :: keilhauite ( also known as " yttrotitanite " ) is a variety of the mineral titanite of a brownish black color , related to titanite in form . 
equisetum :: equisetum (; horsetail , snake grass , puzzlegrass ) is the only living genus in equisetaceae , a family of vascular plants that reproduce by spores rather than seeds . 
bamburgh :: bamburgh ( ) is a village and civil parish on the coast of northumberland , england . 
lazzi :: lazzi (; from the italian " lazzo " , a joke or witticism ) are stock comedic routines that are traditionally associated with " commedia dell'arte " . 
levee :: a levee ( ) , dike , dyke , embankment , floodbank or stopbank is an elongated naturally occurring ridge or artificially constructed fill or wall , which regulates water levels . 
coal :: coal is a combustible black or brownish - black sedimentary rock usually occurring in rock strata in layers or veins called coal beds or coal seams . 
cleopatra :: cleopatra vii philopator (; 69 – august 12 , 30 bc ) , known to history simply as cleopatra , was the last active ruler of the ptolemaic kingdom of egypt , briefly survived as pharaoh by her son caesarion . 
dinoflagellate :: the dinoflagellates ( greek δῖνος " dinos " " whirling " and latin " flagellum " " whip , scourge " ) are a large group of flagellate eukaryotes that constitute the phylum dinoflagellata . 
actinidia :: actinidia is a genus of woody and , with a few exceptions , dioecious plants native to temperate eastern asia , occurring throughout most of china , taiwan , korea , and japan , and extending north to southeast siberia and south into indochina . 
anextiomarus :: anextiomarus is a celtic epithet of the sun - god apollo recorded in a romano - british inscription from south shields , england . 
defamation :: defamation , calumny , vilification , or traducement is the communication of a false statement that harms the reputation of an individual person , business , product , group , government , religion , or nation . 
aretus :: aretus ( , " árētos " ) was one of several characters in greek mythology : 
vowel :: in phonetics , a vowel is a sound in spoken language , with two complementary definitions . 
sanctuary :: a sanctuary , in its original meaning , is a sacred place , such as a shrine . 
moskva :: moskva is a transliteration of " " , meaning moscow in the russian language . 
pirithous :: in greek mythology , pirithous (; or πειρίθους derived from " peritheein " περιθεῖν " to run around " ; also transliterated as perithous ) was the king of the lapiths of larissa in thessaly . 
cladding :: cladding is an outer layer of material covering another . 
menhaden :: menhaden , also known as mossbunker and bunker , are forage fish of the genera brevoortia and ethmidium , two genera of marine fish in the family clupeidae . 
kayaking :: kayaking is the use of a kayak for moving across water . 
marketing :: marketing is the study and management of exchange relationships . 
charades :: charades ( , ) is a parlor or party word guessing game . 
meme :: a meme ( ) is an idea , behavior , or style that spreads from person to person within a culture — often with the aim of conveying a particular phenomenon , theme , or meaning represented by the meme . 
bugatti :: automobiles ettore bugatti was a french car manufacturer of high - performance automobiles , founded in 1909 in the then german city of molsheim , alsace by italian - born ettore bugatti . 
speculation :: speculation is the purchase of an asset ( a commodity , goods , or real estate ) with the hope that it will become more valuable at a future date . 
temenus :: in greek mythology , temenus ( , " tēmenos " ) was a son of aristomachus and brother of cresphontes and aristodemus . 
anaphylaxis :: anaphylaxis is a serious allergic reaction that is rapid in onset and may cause death . 
slovakia :: slovakia (; ) , officially the slovak republic ( , ) , is a landlocked country in central europe . 
wernigerode :: wernigerode ( ) is a town in the district of harz , saxony - anhalt , germany . 
adonijah :: adonijah ( " ’ǎḏōnîyāh " , " yah is my lord " ) was the fourth son of king david . 
zenobia :: septimia zenobia ( palmyrene : ( btzby ) , pronounced bat - zabbai ; ad 240–c.274 ) was a third - century queen of the syria - based palmyrene empire . 
p-complete :: in complexity theory , a decision problem is p - complete ( complete for the complexity class p ) if it is in p and every problem in p can be reduced to it by an appropriate reduction . 
alcman :: alcman (; " alkmán " ; fl . 
lyrebird :: a lyrebird is either of two species of ground - dwelling australian birds that compose the genus menura , and the family menuridae . 
ska :: ska (; jamaican : ) is a music genre that originated in jamaica in the late 1950s and was the precursor to rocksteady and reggae . 
levana :: levana ( from latin " levare , " " to lift " ) is an ancient roman goddess involved in rituals pertaining to childbirth . 
buckminsterfullerene :: buckminsterfullerene ( or bucky - ball ) is a spherical fullerene molecule with the formula c. it has a cage - like fused - ring structure ( truncated icosahedron ) which resembles a soccer ball ( football ) , made of twenty hexagons and twelve pentagons , with a carbon atom at each vertex of each polygon and a bond along each polygon edge . 
tat-9 :: tat-9 was the 9th transatlantic telephone cable system , in operation from 1992 to 2004 , initially carrying 80,000 telephone circuits between europe ( goonhilly , united kingdom ; saint - hilaire - de - riez , france ; conil de la frontera , spain ) and north america ( manahawkin , united states ; pennant point , canada ) . 
æthelstan :: æthelstan or athelstan ( old english : " æþelstan " , or " æðelstān " , meaning " noble stone " ; 89427 october 939 ) was king of the anglo - saxons from 924 to 927 and king of the english from 927 to 939 . 
rudianos :: in ancient celtic religion , rudianos was a war god worshiped in gaul . 
muirne :: muirne or muireann muncháem ( " beautiful neck " ) was the mother of fionn mac cumhail in the fenian cycle of irish mythology . 
whodunit :: a whodunit or whodunnit ( for " who [ has ] done it ? " or " who did it ? " ) is a complex , plot - driven variety of the detective story in which the audience is given the opportunity to engage in the same process of deduction as the protagonist throughout the investigation of a crime . 
geochemistry :: geochemistry is the science that uses the tools and principles of chemistry to explain the mechanisms behind major geological systems such as the earth 's crust and its oceans . 
panthera :: panthera is a genus within the felidae family that was named and first described by the german naturalist oken in 1816 . 
tosca :: tosca ( ) is an opera in three acts by giacomo puccini to an italian libretto by luigi illica and giuseppe giacosa . 
physician :: a physician , medical practitioner , medical doctor , or simply doctor is a professional who practises medicine , which is concerned with promoting , maintaining , or restoring health through the study , diagnosis , and treatment of disease , injury , and other physical and mental impairments . 
tonkatsu :: , is a japanese dish which consists of a breaded , deep - fried pork cutlet . 
cognate :: in linguistics , cognates are words that have a common etymological origin . 
xbasic :: xbasic is a variant of the basic programming language that was developed in the late 1980s for the motorola 88000 cpu and unix by max reason . 
lyonesse :: lyonesse is a country in arthurian legend , particularly in the story of tristan and iseult . 
eurostar :: eurostar is a high - speed railway service connecting london with avignon , brussels , lille , lyon , marseille and paris . 
millimetre :: the millimetre ( international spelling as used by the international bureau of weights and measures ; si unit symbol mm ) or millimeter ( american spelling ) is a unit of length in the metric system , equal to one thousandth of a metre , which is the si base unit of length . 
trimurti :: the trimūrti (; sanskrit : त्रिमूर्तिः " " , " three forms " ) is the trinity of supreme divinity in hinduism in which the cosmic functions of creation , maintenance , and destruction are personified as a triad of deities , typically brahma the creator , vishnu the preserver , and shiva the destroyer , though individual denominations may vary from that particular line - up . 
corythus :: corythus is the name of six mortal men in greek mythology . 
maine :: maine ( ) is the northernmost state in the new england region of the northeastern united states . 
silk :: silk is a natural protein fiber , some forms of which can be woven into textiles . 
nanotechnology :: nanotechnology ( " nanotech " ) is manipulation of matter on an atomic , molecular , and supramolecular scale . 
bauhin :: bauhin — a family of physicians and scientists . 
kaiju :: kaiju originally referred to the monsters from ancient japanese legends before the arrival of writing . 
cyclopentadiene :: cyclopentadiene is an organic compound with the formula ch . 
cigarette :: a cigarette , or cigaret , is a small cylinder of finely cut tobacco leaves rolled in thin paper for smoking . 
boules :: boules ( ) is a collective name for a wide range of games in which the objective is to throw or roll heavy balls ( called " boules " in france , and " bocce " in italy ) as close as possible to a small target ball . 
acis :: the 3d acis modeler ( acis ) is a geometric modeling kernel developed by spatial corporation ( formerly spatial technology ) , part of dassault systemes . 
snooker :: snooker ( , ) is a cue sport which originated among british army officers in etawah , india in the latter half of the 19th century . 
dirce :: dirce (; , , modern greek , meaning " double " or " cleft " ) was the wife of lycus in greek mythology , and aunt to antiope whom zeus impregnated . 
ops :: in ancient roman religion , ops or opis ( latin : " plenty " ) was a fertility deity and earth - goddess of sabine origin . 
propeller :: a propeller is a type of fan that transmits power by converting rotational motion into thrust . 
digitalis :: digitalis ( or ) is a genus of about 20 species of herbaceous perennials , shrubs , and biennials commonly called foxgloves . 
zebrafish :: the zebrafish ( " danio rerio " ) is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the minnow family ( cyprinidae ) of the order cypriniformes . 
chalk :: chalk ( ) is a soft , white , porous , sedimentary carbonate rock , a form of limestone composed of the mineral calcite . 
mayerling :: mayerling is a small village ( pop : 200 ) in lower austria belonging to the municipality of alland in the district of baden . 
psychohistory :: psychohistory is the study of the psychological motivations of historical events . 
gland :: a gland is an organ in an animal 's body that synthesizes substances ( such as hormones ) for release into the bloodstream ( endocrine gland ) or into cavities inside the body or its outer surface ( exocrine gland ) . 
diplomat :: a diplomat is a person appointed by a state to conduct diplomacy with one or more other states or international organisations . 
ethal :: in irish mythology , ethal anbuail , sometimes spelled anubhail , is one of the tuatha dé danann , and king at sidhe uamuin in connacht . 
procyon :: procyon ( ; ) , also designated alpha canis minoris ( α canis minoris , abbreviated alpha cmi , α cmi ) , is the brightest star in the constellation of canis minor . 
montevideo :: montevideo ( ) is the capital and largest city of uruguay . 
isocyanate :: isocyanate is the functional group with the formula r– 
apostrophe :: the apostrophe ( ’ or ' ) character is a punctuation mark , and sometimes a diacritical mark , in languages that use the latin alphabet and some other alphabets . 
tarsier :: tarsiers are any haplorrhine primates of the family tarsiidae , which is itself the lone extant family within the infraorder tarsiiformes . 
dunstan :: dunstan ( 909 – 19 may 988 ad ) was successively abbot of glastonbury abbey , bishop of worcester , bishop of london , and archbishop of canterbury , later canonised as a saint . 
complaint :: in legal terminology , a complaint is any formal legal document that sets out the facts and legal reasons ( see : cause of action ) that the filing party or parties ( the plaintiff(s ) ) believes are sufficient to support a claim against the party or parties against whom the claim is brought ( the defendant(s ) ) that entitles the plaintiff(s ) to a remedy ( either money damages or injunctive relief ) . 
rheology :: rheology (; from greek ῥέω " rhéō " , " flow " and -λoγία , -"logia " , " study of " ) is the study of the flow of matter , primarily in a liquid state , but also as ' soft solids ' or solids under conditions in which they respond with plastic flow rather than deforming elastically in response to an applied force . 
tryptophan :: tryptophan ( abbreviated as trp or w ; encoded by the codon ugg ) is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
methionine :: methionine ( abbreviated as met or m ) is an essential amino acid in humans . 
watermark :: a watermark is an identifying image or pattern in paper that appears as various shades of lightness / darkness when viewed by transmitted light ( or when viewed by reflected light , atop a dark background ) , caused by thickness or density variations in the paper . 
jakarta :: jakarta ( ) , officially the special capital region of jakarta , is the capital of indonesia , formerly batavia during dutch east indies . 
labdacus :: in greek mythology , labdacus ( ) was the only son of polydorus and a king of thebes . 
tiramisu :: tiramisu ( from the italian language , spelled " tiramisù " , meaning " pick me up " , " cheer me up " or " lift me up " ) is a popular coffee - flavoured italian custard dessert . 
mondegreen :: a mondegreen is a mishearing or misinterpretation of a phrase as a result of near - homophony , in a way that gives it a new meaning . 
acinonyx :: acinonyx is a genus within the cat family . 
boomerang :: a boomerang is a tool , typically constructed as a flat airfoil that , when thrown , is designed to spin about an axis perpendicular to the direction of its flight . 
ashkelon :: ashkelon ( also spelled ashqelon and ascalon ; ; " ") is a coastal city in the southern district of israel on the mediterranean coast , south of tel aviv , and north of the border with the gaza strip . 
dirona :: dirona is a genus of sea slugs , pacific ocean nudibranchs , marine , opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family dironidae . 
nephele :: in greek mythology , nephele (; , from νέφος " nephos " " cloud " ; latinized to " nubes " ) was a cloud nymph who figured prominently in the story of phrixus and helle . 
álava :: álava ( in spanish ) or araba ( in basque , dialectal : ) , officially araba / álava , is a province of spain and a historical territory of the basque country , heir of the ancient lordship of álava , former medieval catholic bishopric and now latin titular see . 
yabasic :: yabasic ( yet another basic ) is a free and open source basic interpreter for windows and unix platforms . 
elatus :: there were several figures named elatus or élatos ( ἔλατος ) in greek mythology . 
ibanez :: the hoshino gakki company began in 1908 as the musical instrument sales division of the " hoshino shoten " , a bookstore chain . 
fensalir :: in norse mythology , fensalir ( old norse " fen halls " ) is a location where the goddess frigg dwells . 
kernite :: kernite , also known as rasorite is a hydrated sodium borate hydroxide mineral with formula . 
civilization :: a civilization ( uk and us ) or civilisation ( uk variant ) is any complex society characterized by urban development , social stratification imposed by a cultural elite , symbolic systems of communication ( for example , writing systems ) , and a perceived separation from and domination over the natural environment . 
pfizer :: pfizer inc. is an american pharmaceutical corporation headquartered in new york city , with its research headquarters in groton , connecticut . 
steel :: steel is an alloy of iron and other elements , primarily carbon . because of its high tensile strength and low cost , it is a major component used in buildings , infrastructure , tools , ships , automobiles , machines , appliances , and weapons . 
concrete :: concrete is a composite material composed of coarse aggregate bonded together with a fluid cement that hardens over time . 
matriarchy :: matriarchy is a social system in which females ( most notably in mammals ) hold the primary power positions in roles of political leadership , moral authority , social privilege and control of property at the specific exclusion of men - at least to a large degree . 
disaster :: a disaster is a serious disruption , occurring over a relatively short time , of the functioning of a community or a society involving widespread human , material , economic or environmental loss and impacts , which exceeds the ability of the affected community or society to cope using its own resources . 
tgv :: tgv ( , " high - speed train " ) is france 's intercity high - speed rail service , operated by sncf , the national rail operator . 
enochian :: enochian is a name often applied to an occult or angelic language recorded in the private journals of john dee and his colleague edward kelley in late 16th - century england . 
eldis :: eldis is a database and email service of information sources on international development . 
gimp :: gimp ( ) ( gnu image manipulation program ) is a free and open - source raster graphics editor used for image retouching and editing , free - form drawing , converting between different image formats , and more specialized tasks . 
rs-232 :: in telecommunications , rs-232 , recommended standard 232 is a standard introduced in 1960 for serial communication transmission of data . 
ezra :: ezra (; , ' ; fl . 
cryosphere :: the cryosphere ( from the greek " kryos " , " cold " , " frost " or " ice " and " sphaira " , " globe , ball " ) is those portions of earth 's surface where water is in solid form , including sea ice , lake ice , river ice , snow cover , glaciers , ice caps , ice sheets , and frozen ground ( which includes permafrost ) . 
cambridge :: cambridge ( ) is a university city and the county town of cambridgeshire , england , on the river cam approximately north of london . 
applescript :: applescript is a scripting language created by apple inc. and built into the classic mac os since system 7 and into all versions of macos . 
eucalyptus :: eucalyptus l'héritier 1789 is a diverse genus of flowering trees and shrubs ( including a distinct group with a multiple - stem mallee growth habit ) in the myrtle family , myrtaceae . 
till :: till or glacial till is unsorted glacial sediment . 
adenine :: adenine ( a , ade ) is a nucleobase ( a purine derivative ) . 
warsaw :: warsaw ( ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland . 
rhodos :: in greek mythology , rhodos/ rhodus ( ) or rhode ( ) , was the goddess and personification of the island of rhodes and a wife of the sun god helios . 
issei :: the character and uniqueness of the " issei " is recognized in its social history . 
widescreen :: widescreen images are a variety of aspect ratios used in film , television and computer screens . 
prophet :: in religion , a prophet is an individual who has been contacted by a divine being in order to speak on the entity 's behalf , serving as an intermediary with humanity by delivering messages or teachings from the supernatural source to other people . 
minuet :: a minuet (; also spelled " menuet " ) , is a social dance of french origin for two people , usually in time . 
cryptanalysis :: cryptanalysis ( from the greek " kryptós " , " hidden " , and " analýein " , " to loosen " or " to untie " ) is the study of analyzing information systems in order to study the hidden aspects of the systems . 
klagenfurt :: klagenfurt am wörthersee (; , , ) is the capital of the federal state of carinthia in austria . 
anthropology :: anthropology is the study of various aspects of humans within past and present societies . 
druze :: the druze (; ' or ' , plural ' ; ' plural , " ") are an esoteric ethnoreligious group originating in western asia who self - identify as unitarians ( " al - muwaḥḥidūn / muwahhidun " ) . 
actinophryid :: the actinophryids are small , familiar group of heliozoans . 
martorell :: martorell ( ) is a municipality that forms part of the baix llobregat comarca , in catalonia , spain , primarily known for its medieval devil 's bridge . 
hymn :: a hymn is a type of song , usually religious , specifically written for the purpose of adoration or prayer , and typically addressed to a deity or deities , or to a prominent figure or personification . 
colette :: colette (; sidonie - gabrielle colette , 28 january 1873 – 3 august 1954 ) was a french novelist nominated for the nobel prize in literature in 1948 . 
catania :: catania ( ) is the second largest city of sicily located on the east coast facing the ionian sea . 
cimabue :: cimabue (; ; 1240 – 1302 ) , also known as cenni di pepo or cenni di pepi , was an italian painter and designer of mosaics from florence . 
antibiotics :: antibiotics ( from ancient greek αντιβιοτικά , " antiviotika ) " also called antibacterials , are a type of antimicrobial drug used in the treatment and prevention of bacterial infections 
magenta :: magenta ( ) is a color that is variously defined as purplish - red , reddish - purple , purplish - pink , or mauvish - crimson . 
dada :: dada ( ) or dadaism was an art movement of the european avant - garde in the early 20th century , with early centers in zürich , switzerland at the cabaret voltaire ( circa 1916 ) ; new york dada began circa 1915 , and after 1920 dada flourished in paris . 
bear :: bears are carnivoran mammals of the family ursidae . 
insectivora :: the order insectivora ( from latin " insectum " " insect " and " vorare " " to eat " ) is a now - abandoned biological grouping within the class of mammals . 
arianrhod :: arianrhod ( ) is a figure in welsh mythology who plays her most important role in the fourth branch of the " mabinogi " . 
sunos :: sunos is a unix - branded operating system developed by sun microsystems for their workstation and server computer systems . 
sochi :: sochi ( ) is a city in krasnodar krai , russia , located on the black sea coast near the border between georgia / abkhazia and russia . 
faustitas :: in roman mythology , the goddess faustitas ( latin : " good fortune " ) had the responsibility of protecting the herd and livestock . 
semiconductor :: a semiconductor material has an electrical conductivity value falling between that of a conductor , such as copper , and an insulator , such as glass . 
feminism :: feminism is a range of political movements , ideologies , and social movements that share a common goal : to define , establish , and achieve political , economic , personal , and social equality of sexes . 
indonesia :: indonesia ( or ; indonesian : ) , officially the republic of indonesia ( ) , is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in southeast asia , with some territories in oceania . 
cyclone :: in meteorology , a cyclone is a large scale air mass that rotates around a strong center of low atmospheric pressure . 
beyoncé :: beyoncé giselle knowles - carter (; born september 4 , 1981 ) is an american singer , songwriter , dancer , and actress . born and raised in houston , texas , beyoncé performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child . 
jinn :: jin ( , ' ) , also romanized as djinn or anglicized as genies ( with the more broad meaning of spirits ) , are supernatural creatures in early arabian and later islamic mythology and theology . 
reus :: reus ( ) is the capital of baix camp , in the province of tarragona , in catalonia , spain . 
nomenklatura :: the nomenklatura (; ) were a category of people within the soviet union and other eastern bloc countries who held various key administrative positions in the bureaucracy , running all spheres of those countries ' activity : government , industry , agriculture , education , etc . , whose positions were granted only with approval by the communist party of each country or region . 
nepeta :: nepeta is a genus of flowering plants in the family lamiaceae also known as catmints . 
fionn :: fionn is a masculine given name in irish and scottish gaelic . 
necronomicon :: the necronomicon is a fictional grimoire ( textbook of magic ) appearing in the stories by horror writer h. p. lovecraft and his followers . 
mauritshuis :: the mauritshuis (; ) is an art museum in the hague in the netherlands . 
hexose :: in bio - organic chemistry , a hexose is a monosaccharide with six carbon atoms , having the chemical formula cho . 
vichy :: vichy (; ) ( " vichèi " in occitan ) ) is a city in the allier department of auvergne - rhône - alpes in central france , in the historic province of bourbonnais . 
minnesota :: minnesota (; locally ) is a state in the midwestern and northern regions of the united states . 
quiritis :: quiritis was a sabine ( pre - roman ) goddess of motherhood . 
viriplaca :: viriplaca , in roman mythology , was " the goddess who soothes the anger of man , " and was applied as a surname of juno , describing her as the restorer of peace between married people . 
umar :: umar ( ) , also spelled omar (; ; c. 584 ce 3 november 644 ce ) , was one of the most powerful and influential muslim caliphs in history . 
haiku :: in japanese , haiku are traditionally printed in a single vertical line while haiku in english often appear in three lines to parallel the three phrases of japanese haiku . 
luanda :: luanda , formerly named são paulo da assunção de loanda , is the capital and largest city in angola , and the country 's most populous and important city , primary port and major industrial , cultural and urban centre . 
virginia :: virginia ( , , officially the commonwealth of virginia ) is a state in the southeastern and mid - atlantic regions of the united states located between the atlantic coast and the appalachian mountains . 
haarlem :: haarlem (; predecessor of " harlem " in the english language ) is a city and municipality in the netherlands . 
rapids :: rapids are sections of a river where the river bed has a relatively steep slope . 
achaemenides :: in greek and roman mythology , achaemenides ( ἀχαιμενίδης " akhaimenides " ) was a son of adamastos of ithaka , and one of odysseus 's crew . 
konoe :: konoe ( written : 近衛 ) is a japanese surname . 
greenpeace :: greenpeace is a non - governmental environmental organization with offices in over 40 countries and with an international coordinating body in amsterdam , the netherlands . 
literacy :: literacy is traditionally meant as the ability to read , write , and use arithmetic . 
palaeography :: palaeography ( uk ) or paleography ( us ; ultimately from , " palaiós " , " old " , and , " graphein " , " to write " ) is the study of ancient and historical handwriting ( that is to say , of the forms and processes of writing , not the textual content of documents ) . 
adder–subtractor :: in digital circuits , an adder – subtractor is a circuit that is capable of adding or subtracting numbers ( in particular , binary ) . 
cotswolds :: the cotswolds is an area in south central england containing the cotswold hills , a range of rolling hills which rise from the meadows of the upper thames to an escarpment , known as the cotswold edge , above the severn valley and evesham vale . 
psychologist :: a psychologist is a mental health professional who evaluates and studies behavior and mental processes in order to become a psychologist , a person often completes a graduate university degree in psychology , but in most jurisdictions , members of other behavioral professions ( such as counselors and psychiatrists ) can also evaluate , diagnose , treat , and study mental processes . 
preservative :: a preservative is a substance or a chemical that is added to products such as food , beverages , pharmaceutical drugs , paints , biological samples , cosmetics , wood , and many other products to prevent decomposition by microbial growth or by undesirable chemical changes . 
bomber :: a bomber is a combat aircraft designed to attack ground and naval targets by dropping air - to - ground weaponry ( such as bombs ) , firing torpedoes and bullets or deploying air - launched cruise missiles . 
emulsion :: an emulsion is a mixture of two or more liquids that are normally immiscible ( unmixable or unblendable ) . 
marozia :: marozia , born maria and also known as mariuccia or mariozza ( 890 – 937 ) , was a roman noblewoman who was the alleged mistress of pope sergius iii and was given the unprecedented titles " senatrix " ( " senatoress " ) and " patricia " of rome by pope john x. edward gibbon wrote of her that the " influence of two sister prostitutes , marozia and theodora was founded on their wealth and beauty , their political and amorous intrigues : the most strenuous of their lovers were rewarded with the roman tiara , and their reign may have suggested to darker ages the fable of a female pope . 
bedfordshire :: bedfordshire ( or ; abbreviated beds . ) is a county in the east of england . 
argos :: argos (; modern greek : άργος ; ancient greek : ἄργος ) is a city in argolis , the peloponnese , greece and one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world . 
nicaragua :: nicaragua (; ) , officially the republic of nicaragua ( ) , is the largest country in the central american isthmus , bordered by honduras to the north , the caribbean to the east , costa rica to the south , and the pacific ocean to the west . 
cinna :: cinna was a " cognomen " that distinguished a patrician branch of the " gens cornelia " , particularly in the late roman republic . 
martyr :: a martyr ( greek : μάρτυς , " mártys " , " witness " ; stem μάρτυρ- , " mártyr- " ) is someone who suffers persecution and death for advocating , renouncing , refusing to renounce , or refusing to advocate a belief or cause as demanded by an external party . 
pen :: a pen ( latin : " penna " , feather ) is a writing instrument used to apply ink to a surface , usually paper , for writing or drawing . 
savoie :: savoie (; arpitan : " savouè " , italian : " savoia " , english : " savoy " ) is a french department in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region of the french alps . 
divorce :: divorce , also known as dissolution of marriage , is the termination of a marriage or marital union , the canceling or reorganizing of the legal duties and responsibilities of marriage , thus dissolving the bonds of matrimony between a married couple under the rule of law of the particular country or state . 
embedding :: in mathematics , an embedding ( or imbedding ) is one instance of some mathematical structure contained within another instance , such as a group that is a subgroup . 
ontario :: ontario (; ) , one of the 13 provinces and territories of canada , is located in east - central canada . 
sigma-algebra :: in mathematical analysis and in probability theory , a σ-algebra ( also σ-field ) on a set " x " is a collection σ of subsets of " x " that includes the empty subset , is closed under complement , and is closed under countable unions and countable intersections . 
pacifism :: pacifism is opposition to war , militarism , or violence . 
gainesville :: gainesville is the name of several places in the united states of america : 
melody :: a melody ( " singing , chanting " ) , also tune , voice , or line , is a linear succession of musical tones that the listener perceives as a single entity . 
citrus :: citrus is a genus of flowering trees and shrubs in the rue family , rutaceae . 
wabc-tv :: wabc - tv , channel 7 , is the flagship station of the abc television network , located in new york city . 
gnustep :: gnustep is a free software implementation of the cocoa ( formerly openstep ) objective - c frameworks , widget toolkit , and application development tools for unix - like operating systems and microsoft windows . 
melanin :: melanin (; from " melas " , " black , dark " ) is a broad term for a group of natural pigments found in most organisms . 
month :: a month is a unit of time , used with calendars , which is approximately as long as a natural period related to the motion of the moon ; " month " and " moon " are cognates . 
þökk :: þǫkk ( old norse " thanks " ) is a jǫtunn in norse mythology , presumed to be loki in disguise , who refuses to weep for the slain baldr , thus forcing him to stay in hel . 
vafþrúðnir :: vafþrúðnir ( old norse " mighty weaver " ) is a wise jötunn in norse mythology . 
batales :: batales is a botanical name of an order of flowering plants . 
t-carrier :: the t - carrier is a member of the series of carrier systems developed by at&t bell laboratories for digital transmission of multiplexed telephone calls . 
mímir :: mímir ( old norse " the rememberer , the wise one " ) or mim is a figure in norse mythology renowned for his knowledge and wisdom who is beheaded during the æsir - vanir war . 
herma :: a herma ( , pl . " hermai " ) , commonly in english herm , is a sculpture with a head , and perhaps a torso , above a plain , usually squared lower section , on which male genitals may also be carved at the appropriate height . 
semicolon :: the semicolon or semi - colon ( ;) is a punctuation mark that separates major sentence elements . 
psychedelia :: psychedelia is the subculture , originating in the 1960s , of people who often use psychedelic drugs such as lsd , mescaline ( found in peyote ) and psilocybin ( found in some mushrooms ) . 
bangkok :: bangkok ( , ) is the capital and most populous city of the kingdom of thailand . 
linz :: linz (; ; ) is the third - largest city of austria and capital of the state of upper austria ( ) . 
ulmo :: ulmo ( from the valarin ulubôz , ullubôz via ulumō ) is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
spore :: in biology , a spore is a unit of sexual or asexual reproduction that may be adapted for dispersal and for survival , often for extended periods of time , in unfavorable conditions . 
mead :: mead (; archaic and dialectal meath or meathe , from old english " medu " ) is an alcoholic beverage created by fermenting honey with water , sometimes with various fruits , spices , grains , or hops . 
definition :: a definition is a statement of the meaning of a term ( a word , phrase , or other set of symbols ) . 
homer :: homer ( , " hómēros " ) is the name ascribed by the ancient greeks to the legendary author of the " iliad " and the " odyssey " , two epic poems which are the central works of ancient greek literature . 
baptism :: baptism ( from the greek noun βάπτισμα " baptisma " ; see below ) is a christian sacrament of admission and adoption , almost invariably with the use of water , into the christian church generally . 
petabyte :: the petabyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
irenaeus :: irenaeus (; greek : eírēnaīos ) ( early 2nd century – died c. ad 202 ) , also referred to as saint irenaeus , was bishop of lugdunum in gaul , then a part of the roman empire ( now lyon , france ) . 
mecklenburg-vorpommern :: mecklenburg - vorpommern (; often mecklenburg - west pomerania in english and commonly shortened to " meck - pomm " or even " mcpom " in german ) is a federal state in northern germany . 
flensburg :: flensburg ( , low saxon : " flensborg " , north frisian : " flansborj " , south jutlandic : " flensborre " ) is an independent town ( " kreisfreie stadt " ) in the north of the german state of schleswig - holstein . 
soho :: soho is an area of the city of westminster and is part of the west end of london . 
abort :: abort can mean : 
catapult :: a catapult is a ballistic device used to launch a projectile a great distance without the aid of explosive devices — particularly various types of ancient and medieval siege engines . 
laelaps :: the name laelaps is a name attributed to the following : 
morphine :: morphine is a pain medication of the opiate type which is found naturally in a number of plants and animals . 
biotechnology :: biotechnology is the use of living systems and organisms to develop or make products , or " any technological application that uses biological systems , living organisms , or derivatives thereof , to make or modify products or processes for specific use " ( un convention on biological diversity , art . 
celebrity :: celebrity refers to the fame and public attention accorded by the mass media to individuals or groups or , occasionally , animals , but is usually applied to the persons or groups of people ( celebrity couples , families , etc . ) themselves who receive such a status of fame and attention . 
cilix :: cilix (; ) was , according to greek mythology , a son of agenor and telephassa or argiope and brother of cadmus , phoenix and europa . 
dysphemism :: a dysphemism is an expression with connotations that are offensive either about the subject matter or to the audience , or both . 
tartarus :: in greek mythology , tartarus (; " tartaros " ) is the deep abyss that is used as a dungeon of torment and suffering for the wicked and as the prison for the titans . 
khazars :: the khazars ( , ; ; , " xäzärlär " ; , " kuzarim " ; , " xazar " ; , " chozáry " ; , " hazáry " ; , " xazar " ; , " cházaroi " ; ) were a semi - nomadic turkic people , who created what for its duration was the most powerful polity to emerge from the break - up of the western turkic kaganate . astride a major artery of commerce between northern europe and southwestern asia , 
erysimum :: erysimum ( wallflower ) is a genus of flowering plants that includes about 180 species of popular garden plants and many wild forms in the botanical family " brassicaceae " . 
magnoliaceae :: the magnoliaceae are a flowering plant family , the magnolia family , in the order magnoliales . 
sautéing :: sautéing ( or , ; from the french " sauté " , lit . " jumped , bounced " in reference to tossing while cooking ) is a method of cooking food that uses a small amount of oil or fat in a shallow pan over relatively high heat . 
ship :: a ship is a large watercraft that travels the world 's oceans and other sufficiently deep waterways , carrying passengers or goods , or in support of specialized missions , such as defense , research and fishing . 
anagram :: an anagram is word or phrase formed by rearranging the letters of a different word or phrase , typically using all the original letters exactly once . 
tetris :: tetris ( , pronounced ) is a tile - matching puzzle video game , originally designed and programmed by russian game designer alexey pajitnov . 
image :: an image ( from ) is an artifact that depicts visual perception , for example , a photo or a two - dimensional picture , that has a similar appearance to some subject — usually a physical object or a person , thus providing a depiction of it . 
inertia :: inertia is the resistance of any physical object to any change in its state of motion . 
poseidon :: poseidon (; , ) was one of the twelve olympians in ancient greek religion and myth . 
bundestag :: the bundestag ( , " federal diet " ) is a constitutional and legislative body at the federal level in germany . 
gallienus :: gallienus (; ; c. 218 – 268 ) , also known as gallien , was roman emperor with his father valerian from 253 to 260 and alone from 260 to 268 . 
kampala :: kampala is the capital and largest city of uganda . 
shanghai :: shanghai is one of the four direct - controlled municipalities of china and the most populous city proper in the world with a population of more than 24 million . 
thamyris :: in greek mythology , thamyris ( ) , son of philammon and the nymph argiope , was a thracian singer who was so proud of his skill that he boasted he could outsing the muses . 
rosicrucianism :: rosicrucianism was a cultural movement which arose in europe in the early 17th century after the publication of several texts which purported to announce the existence of a hitherto unknown esoteric order to the world and made seeking its knowledge attractive to many . 
karnataka :: karnataka is a state in the south western region of india . 
sif :: in norse mythology , sif is a goddess associated with earth . 
koenigsegg :: koenigsegg automotive ab (; ) is a swedish manufacturer of high - performance sports cars , based in ängelholm , skåne county , sweden . 
heiðrún :: heiðrún is a goat in norse mythology , which consumes the foliage of the tree læraðr and produces mead for the einherjar . 
pancreatitis :: pancreatitis is inflammation of the pancreas . 
vígríðr :: in norse mythology , vígríðr or óskópnir is a large field foretold to host a battle between the forces of the gods and the forces of surtr as part of the events of ragnarök . 
magnesium :: magnesium is a chemical element with symbol mg and atomic number 12 . 
weezer :: weezer is an american rock band formed in los angeles in 1992 , consisting of rivers cuomo ( lead vocals , guitar ) , patrick wilson ( drums ) , brian bell ( guitar , backing vocals , keyboards ) , and scott shriner ( bass guitar , backing vocals ) . 
tetrapod :: the superclass tetrapoda ( from greek : τετρα- " four " and πούς " foot " ) contains the four - limbed vertebrates known as tetrapods ( ) ; it includes living and extinct amphibians , reptiles ( including dinosaurs , and its subgroup birds ) and mammals ( including primates , and all hominid subgroups including humans ) , as well as earlier extinct groups . 
autosome :: an autosome is a chromosome that is not an allosome ( a sex chromosome ) . 
mauretania :: mauretania ( also spelled " mauritania " ) is the latin name for an area in the ancient maghreb ( tamazgha ) . 
wakeboarding :: wakeboarding is a surface water sport which involves riding a wakeboard over the surface of a body of water . 
heidelberg :: heidelberg ( ) is a college town in baden - württemberg situated on the river neckar in south - west germany . 
bristol :: bristol ( ) is a city and county in south west england with a population of 454,200 in 2017 . 
pangolin :: pangolins are mammals of the order pholidota . 
tunis :: tunis ( " ") is the capital and the largest city of tunisia . 
gentianales :: gentianales is an order of flowering plants , included within the asterid clade of eudicots . 
sicyon :: sicyon (; ; " gen " . : σικυῶνος ) was an ancient greek city state situated in the northern peloponnesus between corinth and achaea on the territory of the present - day regional unit of corinthia . 
tornado :: a tornado is a rapidly rotating column of air that is in contact with both the surface of the earth and a cumulonimbus cloud or , in rare cases , the base of a cumulus cloud . 
commonwealth :: commonwealth is a traditional english term for a political community founded for the common good . 
aedesius :: aedesius ( , died 355 ad ) was a neoplatonist philosopher and mystic born of a noble cappadocian family . 
eleusis :: eleusis ( " elefsina " , ancient greek : " eleusis " ) is a town and municipality in west attica , greece . 
cavalry :: cavalry ( from french " cavalerie " , cf . " cheval " ' horse ' ) or horsemen were soldiers or warriors who fought mounted on horseback . 
discrimination :: in human social affairs , discrimination is treatment or consideration of , or making a distinction in favor of or against , a person based on the group , class , or category to which the person is perceived to belong rather than on individual attributes . 
chrismation :: chrismation consists of the sacrament or mystery in the eastern orthodox , oriental orthodox and eastern catholic churches , as well as in the assyrian church of the east initiation rites . 
kundalini :: kundalini ( sanskrit : " " , , " coiled one " ) , in the concept of dharma refers to a form of primal energy ( or " shakti " ) said to be located at the base of the spine . 
consul :: consul ( abbrev . " cos . " ; latin plural " consules " ) was the title of one of the chief magistrates of the roman republic , and subsequently a somewhat significant title under the roman empire . 
proceed-to-select :: in telecommunications , proceed - to - select is a signal or event in the call - access phase of a data call , which signal or event confirms the reception of a call - request signal and advises the calling data terminal equipment to proceed with the transmission of the selection signals . 
drumlin :: a drumlin , from the irish word " droimnín " ( " littlest ridge " ) , first recorded in 1833 , and in the classical sense is an elongated hill in the shape of an inverted spoon or half - buried egg formed by glacial ice acting on underlying unconsolidated till or ground moraine . 
cadmus :: in greek mythology , cadmus ; " kadmos " ) , was the founder and first king of thebes . 
beta-lactam :: a beta - lactam ( β-lactam ) ring is a four - membered lactam . 
multituberculata :: multituberculata ( commonly known as multituberculates , named for the multiple tubercles of their teeth ) is an extinct taxon of rodent - like allotherian mammals that existed for approximately one hundred and sixty - six million years , the longest fossil history of any mammal lineage . 
zenith :: the zenith is an imaginary point directly " above " a particular location , on the imaginary celestial sphere . " 
charmander :: charmander ( ) , known as in japan , is a pokémon species in nintendo and game freak 's " pokémon " franchise . 
tatarstan :: the republic of tatarstan (; ) , or simply tatarstan , is a federal subject ( a republic ) of the russian federation , located in the volga federal district . 
slingshot :: a slingshot or catapult ( uk ) , ging ( primarily australian and new zealand ) , shanghai ( australian),gulel ( india ) , kettie ( south africa ) , bean shooter , or flip or tirador ( primarily tagalog ) , is normally a small hand - powered projectile weapon . 
volcano :: a volcano is a rupture in the crust of a planetary - mass object , such as earth , that allows hot lava , volcanic ash , and gases to escape from a magma chamber below the surface . 
qantas :: qantas airways ( ; ) is the flag carrier of australia and its largest airline by fleet size , international flights and international destinations . 
merlin :: merlin ( ) is a legendary figure best known as the wizard featured in arthurian legend and medieval welsh poetry . 
erythromycin :: erythromycin is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections . 
kohlrabi :: kohlrabi ( german turnip or turnip cabbage ; " brassica oleracea " gongylodes group ) is a biennial vegetable , and is a low , stout cultivar of cabbage . 
spelljammer :: spelljammer is a campaign setting for the " advanced dungeons & dragons " ( 2nd edition ) role - playing game , which features a fantastic ( as opposed to scientific ) outer space environment . 
cp/m :: cp / m , originally standing for control program / monitor and later control program for microcomputers , is a mass - market operating system created for intel 8080/85-based microcomputers by gary kildall of digital research , inc. 
hrungnir :: hrungnir ( old norse " brawler " ) was a jötunn in norse mythology , slain by the god thor with his hammer mjölnir . 
asclepius :: asclepius (; , " asklēpiós " ; ) was a hero and god of medicine in ancient greek religion and mythology . 
commerce :: commerce is " the activity of buying and selling , especially on a large scale " . 
secam :: secam , also written sécam ( , " séquentiel couleur à mémoire " , french for " sequential colour with memory " ) , is an analogue color television system first used in france . 
education :: education is the process of facilitating learning , or the acquisition of knowledge , skills , values , beliefs , and habits . 
bile :: bile or gall is a dark green to yellowish brown fluid , produced by the liver of most vertebrates , that aids the digestion of lipids in the small intestine . 
philomela :: philomela ( ) or philomel (; , " philomēlē " ) is a minor figure in greek mythology and is frequently invoked as a direct and figurative symbol in literary , artistic , and musical works in the western canon . 
ceryx :: in greek mythology , ceryx ( , " kērux " , literally " herald " ) was a son of hermes and either pandrosus or agraulus . 
seafood :: seafood is any form of sea life regarded as food by humans . 
prabuty :: prabuty ( ) is a town in kwidzyn county within the pomeranian voivodeship of northern poland . 
calorimetry :: calorimetry is the science or act of measuring changes in state variables of a body for the purpose of deriving the heat transfer associated with changes of its state due , for example , to chemical reactions , physical changes , or phase transitions under specified constraints . 
milazzo :: milazzo ( sicilian : milazzu , latin : mylae ) is a town ( " comune " ) in the metropolitan city of messina , sicily , southern italy ; it is the largest commune in the metropolitan city after messina and barcellona pozzo di gotto . 
aeclanum :: aeclanum ( also spelled aeculanum , , ) was an ancient town of samnium , southern italy , c. 25 km east - southeast of beneventum , on the via appia . 
skateboarding :: skateboarding is an action sport which involves riding and performing tricks using a skateboard . skateboarding 
openlaw :: openlaw is a project at the berkman center for internet and society at harvard law school aimed at releasing case arguments under a copyleft license , in order to encourage public suggestions for improvement . 
embryo :: an embryo is an early stage of development of a multicellular diploid eukaryotic organism . 
calibration :: calibration in measurement technology and metrology is the comparison of measurement values delivered by a device under test with those of a calibration standard of known accuracy . 
dyne :: the dyne ( symbol dyn , from greek δύναμις , " dynamis " , meaning power , force ) is a unit of force specified in the centimetre – gram– 
alcopop :: an alcopop ( or cooler , spirit cooler in south african english , or malternative in american slang ) is a term describing certain flavored alcoholic beverages with relatively low alcohol content ( e.g. , 3–7% alcohol by volume ) , including : the term alcopop ( a portmanteau of the words " alcohol " and " pop " ) is used commonly in the united kingdom to describe these drinks and in some countries by neoprohibitionists . 
glonass :: glonass ( , ; ; transliteration " ") , or " global navigation satellite system " , is a space - based satellite navigation system operating in the radionavigation - satellite service . 
life :: life is a characteristic that distinguishes physical entities that do have biological processes , such as signaling and self - sustaining processes , from those that do not , either because such functions have ceased , or because they never had such functions and are classified as inanimate . 
sangha :: sangha (; ; ; ; ) is a word in pali and sanskrit meaning " association " , " assembly " , " company " or " community " and most commonly refers in buddhism to the monastic community of bhikkhus ( monks ) and bhikkhunis ( nuns ) . 
termerus :: in greek mythology , termerus ( τέρμερος ) was a bandit who was killed by heracles . 
book :: a book is a series of pages assembled for easy portability and reading , as well as the composition contained in it . 
tragopogon :: tragopogon , also known as goatsbeard or salsify , is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family . 
korfball :: korfball ( ) is a ball sport , with similarities to netball and basketball . 
crocodile :: crocodiles ( subfamily crocodylinae ) or true crocodiles are large aquatic reptiles that live throughout the tropics in africa , asia , the americas and australia . 
sakhalin :: sakhalin ( , ) is a large russian island in the north pacific ocean , lying between 45°50 ' and 54°24 ' n. it is russia 's largest island , and is administered as part of sakhalin oblast . 
collectable :: a collectable ( collectible or collector 's item ) is any object regarded as being of value or interest to a collector ( not necessarily monetarily valuable or antique ) . 
argouml :: argouml is an uml diagramming application written in java and released under the open - source eclipse public license . 
tokamak :: a tokamak ( ) is a device that uses a powerful magnetic field to confine plasma in the shape of a torus . 
syncopation :: in music , syncopation involves a variety of rhythms which are in some way unexpected which make part or all of a tune or piece of music off - beat . 
nantes :: nantes ( ) ( gallo : " naunnt " or " nantt " ( or ) ; ( ) ) is a city in western france on the loire river , from the atlantic coast . 
rechabite :: rechabites are a biblical clan , the descendants of rechab through jehonadab . 
theophylline :: theophylline , also known as 1,3-dimethylxanthine , is a methylxanthine drug used in therapy for respiratory diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) and asthma under a variety of brand names . 
sontaran :: the sontarans are a fictional extraterrestrial agendered race of humanoids from the british science fiction television series " doctor who " , and also seen in spin - off series " the sarah jane adventures " . 
tripoli :: tripoli ( , ; berber : " ṭrables " ) is the capital city and the largest city of libya . 
alchemy :: alchemy is a philosophical and protoscientific tradition practiced throughout europe , africa and asia . 
hawick :: hawick ( ; , ) is a town in the scottish borders council area and historic county of roxburghshire in the east southern uplands of scotland . 
folate :: folate , forms of which are known as folic acid and vitamin b9 , is one of the b vitamins . 
howard :: howard is an english - language given name originating from old norse " hávarðr " , which means " high guard " . 
hafgan :: hafgan is one of the kings of annwn , the otherworld in welsh mythology . 
hervanta :: hervanta is a large suburb , or satellite city , of tampere in finland , located next to hallila some 10 km south of the city centre . 
autogyro :: an autogyro ( from greek αὐτός + γύρος , " self - turning " ) , also known as gyroplane , gyrocopter , or rotaplane , is a type of rotorcraft that uses an unpowered rotor in autorotation to develop lift , and an engine - powered propeller , similar to that of a fixed - wing aircraft , to provide thrust . 
myanmar :: myanmar ( ) , officially the republic of the union of myanmar and also known as burma , is a sovereign state in southeast asia . 
bead :: a bead is a small , decorative object that is formed in a variety of shapes and sizes of a material such as stone , bone , shell , glass , plastic , wood or pearl and with a small hole for threading or stringing . 
beryllium :: beryllium is a chemical element with symbol be and atomic number 4 . 
chryseis :: in greek mythology , chryseis ( , , ) was a trojan woman , the daughter of chryses . 
gang :: a gang is a group of friends or family with identifiable leadership and internal organization , identifying with or claiming control over territory in a community , and engaging either individually or collectively in illegal or violent behavior . 
eagle :: eagle is a common name for many large birds of prey of the family accipitridae ; it belongs to several groups of genera that are not necessarily closely related to each other . 
ballista :: the ballista ( latin , from greek βαλλίστρα " ballistra " and that from βάλλω " ballō " , " throw " ) , plural ballistae , sometimes called bolt thrower , was an ancient missile weapon that launched a large projectile at a distant target . 
ampicillin :: ampicillin is an antibiotic used to prevent and treat a number of bacterial infections , such as respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections , meningitis , salmonellosis , and endocarditis . 
brabant :: brabant is a region in the low countries . 
admiral :: admiral is one of the highest naval ranks in some navies , and in many navies is the highest rank . 
saarland :: the saarland ( german : " das saarland " , ; ) is one of the sixteen states ( or " bundesländer " ) of the federal republic of germany . 
amen :: the word amen ( or ) is a declaration of affirmation found in the hebrew bible and the new testament . 
amphetamine :: amphetamine ( contracted from ) is a potent central nervous system ( cns ) stimulant that is used in the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( adhd ) , narcolepsy , and obesity . 
trajan :: trajan (; ; 18 september 538august 117 ad ) was roman emperor from 98 to 117ad . 
cockfight :: a cockfight is a blood sport between two cocks , or gamecocks , held in a ring called a cockpit . 
pan-slavism :: pan - slavism , a movement which crystallized in the mid-19th century , is the political ideology concerned with the advancement of integrity and unity for the slavic peoples . 
atonality :: atonality in its broadest sense is music that lacks a tonal center , or key . 
arawak :: the arawak are a group of indigenous peoples of south america and of the caribbean . 
nevi'im :: nevi'im (; " nəḇî'îm " , lit . 
hassium :: hassium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol hs and atomic number 108 . 
mistram :: mistram ( " missile trajectory measurement " ) was a high - resolution tracking system used by the united states air force ( and later nasa ) to provide highly detailed trajectory analysis of rocket launches . 
caratacus :: caratacus ( brythonic " * caratācos " , middle welsh " caratawc " ; welsh " caradog " ; breton " karadeg " ; greek " καράτακος " ; variants latin " caractacus " , greek " καρτάκης " ) was a first - century british chieftain of the catuvellauni tribe , who led the british resistance to the roman conquest . 
kornshell :: kornshell ( ksh ) is a unix shell which was developed by david korn at bell labs in the early 1980s and announced at usenix on july 14 , 1983 . 
ériu :: in irish mythology , ériu (; modern irish éire ) , daughter of ernmas of the tuatha dé danann , was the eponymous matron goddess of ireland . 
telemus :: telemus ( " telemos " ) was a figure of greek mythology , a prophet , son of eurymus . 
outing :: outing is the act of disclosing an lgbt person 's sexual orientation or gender identity without that person 's consent . 
cunt :: cunt is a vulgar word for the vulva or vagina and is also used as a term of disparagement . 
albertosaurus :: albertosaurus (; meaning " alberta lizard " ) is a genus of tyrannosaurid theropod dinosaurs that lived in western north america during the late cretaceous period , about 70 million years ago . 
vesak :: vesākha ( pali ; ) , also known as buddha purnima and buddha day , is a holiday observed traditionally by buddhists on different days in india , sri lanka , china , japan , south korea , taiwan , nepal , tibet , bangladesh , bhutan , indonesia , singapore , vietnam , thailand , cambodia , laos , malaysia and myanmar and in other places all over the world . 
mustelidae :: the mustelidae ( from latin " mustela " , weasel ) are a family of carnivorous mammals , including weasels , badgers , otters , martens , mink , and wolverines , among others . 
toshiba :: , commonly known as toshiba and stylized as toshiba , is a japanese multinational conglomerate headquartered in tokyo , japan . 
leucothea :: in greek mythology , leucothea ( ( λευκοθέα ) , " white goddess " ) was one of the aspects under which an ancient sea goddess was recognized , in this case as a transformed nymph . 
polyamory :: polyamory ( from greek ' , " many , several " , and latin ' , " love " ) is the practice of or desire for intimate relationships with more than one partner , with the knowledge of all partners . 
putrajaya :: putrajaya ( ) , officially the federal territory of putrajaya , is a planned city and the federal administrative centre of malaysia . 
pickelhaube :: the pickelhaube ( plural " pickelhauben " ; from the german " pickel " , " point " or " pickaxe " , and " haube " , " bonnet " , a general word for " headgear " ) , also pickelhelm , was a spiked helmet worn in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries by german military , firefighters , and police . 
brísingamen :: in norse mythology , brísingamen ( or brísinga men ) is the torc or necklace of the goddess freyja . 
cinquain :: cinquain is a class of poetic forms that employ a 5-line pattern . 
fitchburg :: fitchburg is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
gentiana :: gentiana is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the gentian family ( gentianaceae ) , the tribe gentianeae , and the monophyletic subtribe gentianinae . 
zimbabwe :: zimbabwe ( ) , officially the republic of zimbabwe , is a landlocked country located in southern africa , between the zambezi and limpopo rivers . 
jula :: jula refers to : 
limnad :: in greek mythology , the limnads or ( λιμνάδες ) or leimenids ( λειμενίδες ) were a type of naiad . 
ravenloft :: ravenloft is a campaign setting for the " dungeons & dragons " roleplaying game . 
øresund :: øresund or öresund ( , ; , ) , commonly known in english as the sound , is a strait which forms the danish – swedish border , separating zealand ( denmark ) from scania ( sweden ) . 
politician :: a politician is a person active in party politics , or a person holding or seeking office in government . 
mass :: mass is both a property of a physical body and a measure of its resistance to acceleration ( a change in its state of motion ) when a net force is applied . 
convolution :: in mathematics ( and , in particular , functional analysis ) convolution is a mathematical operation on two functions ( " f " and " g " ) to produce a third function , that is typically viewed as a modified version of one of the original functions , giving the integral of the pointwise multiplication of the two functions as a function of the amount that one of the original functions is translated . 
xenon :: xenon is a chemical element with symbol xe and atomic number 54 . 
panama :: panama ( ; ) , officially called the republic of panama ( ) , is a country in central america . 
kangol :: kangol is a british clothing company famous for its headwear . 
nauru :: nauru ( , or ) , officially the republic of nauru ( ) and formerly known as pleasant island , is an island country in micronesia in the central pacific . 
governor-general :: governor - general or governor general ( plural " governors - general " ) , in modern usage , is the title of an office - holder appointed to represent the monarch of a sovereign state in the governing of an independent realm . 
ash :: ash or ashes are the solid remains of fires . 
norfolk :: norfolk ( ) is a county in east anglia in england . 
hyrtacus :: in greek mythology , hyrtacus (; ) is an obscure character associated with the trojan war . 
wedding :: a wedding is a ceremony where two people or a couple are united in marriage . 
father :: a father is the male parent of a child . 
dance :: dance is a performing art form consisting of purposefully selected sequences of human movement . 
reproduction :: reproduction ( or procreation or breeding ) is the biological process by which new individual organisms – " offspring " – are produced from their " parents " . 
microphone :: a microphone , colloquially nicknamed mic or mike ( ) , is a transducer that converts sound into an electrical signal . 
nepenthales :: nepenthales ( nepenthales bercht . & j.presl ) is an order of carnivorous flowering plants in the cronquist system of plant classification . 
ingsoc :: ingsoc ( newspeak for " english socialism " or the english socialist party ) is the political ideology of the totalitarian government of oceania in george orwell 's dystopian novel " nineteen eighty - four " . 
transformer :: a transformer is an electrical device that transfers electrical energy between two or more circuits through electromagnetic induction . 
sic :: sic , as the label " [ sic ] " found immediately following a copy of text , indicates that the source is presumed to be erroneous and has been intentionally transcribed without correction . 
pomegranate :: the pomegranate ( " punica granatum " ) is a fruit - bearing deciduous shrub or small tree in the family lythraceae that grows between tall . 
phereclus :: in greek mythology , phereclus , son of tecton , was the shipbuilder who constructed the boat that paris used to kidnap helen . 
neurosis :: neurosis is a class of functional mental disorders involving chronic distress but neither delusions nor hallucinations . 
chervil :: chervil (; anthriscus cerefolium ) , sometimes called garden chervil to distinguish it from similar plants also called chervil , or french parsley , is a delicate annual herb related to parsley . 
brainwashing :: brainwashing ( also known as mind control , menticide , coercive persuasion , thought control , thought reform , and re - education ) is a non - scientific concept that the human mind can be altered or controlled by certain psychological techniques . 
trisomy :: a trisomy is a type of polysomy in which there are three instances of a particular chromosome , instead of the normal two . 
prolog :: prolog is a general - purpose logic programming language associated with artificial intelligence and computational linguistics . 
turnip :: the turnip or white turnip ( " brassica rapa " subsp . " rapa " ) is a root vegetable commonly grown in temperate climates worldwide for its white , bulbous taproot . 
acestes :: in roman mythology , acestes or egestes ( greek " ' ) was the son of the sicilian river - god crinisus by a dardanian or trojan woman named egesta or segesta . 
antiphates :: in greek mythology , antiphates (; ancient greek : ἀντιφάτης ) is the name of five characters . 
greenhouse :: a greenhouse ( also called a ' glasshouse ' , or , if with sufficient heating , a hothouse ) is a structure with walls and roof made chiefly of transparent material , such as glass , in which plants requiring regulated climatic conditions are grown . 
equation :: in mathematics , an equation is a statement of an equality containing one or more variables . 
mangifera :: mangifera is a genus of flowering plants in the cashew family , anacardiaceae . 
dicom :: digital imaging and communications in medicine ( dicom ) is a standard for storing and transmitting medical images enabling the integration of medical imaging devices such as scanners , servers , workstations , printers , network hardware , and picture archiving and communication systems ( pacs ) from multiple manufacturers . 
arthrobacter :: arthrobacter ( from the greek , " jointed small stick ” ) , such as the arthrobacter pascens , is a genus of bacteria that is commonly found in soil . 
acamas :: acamas or akamas (; ancient greek : ἀκάμας , folk etymology : " unwearying " ) was a name attributed to several characters in greek mythology . 
red :: red is the color at the end of visible spectrum of light , next to orange and opposite violet . 
herat :: herat (; , " herât " ; ; , " alexándreia hē en aríois " ; ) is the third - largest city of afghanistan . 
superman :: superman is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by dc comics . 
catharism :: catharism (; from the greek : , " katharoi " , " the pure [ ones ] " ) was a christian dualist or gnostic revival movement that thrived in some areas of southern europe , particularly northern italy and southern france , between the 12th and 14th centuries . 
truso :: truso , situated on lake drużno , was an old prussian ( pomesanian ) town near the baltic sea just east of the vistula river . 
sabre :: the sabre ( british english ) or saber ( american english ; see spelling differences ) is a type of backsword with a curved blade associated with the light cavalry of the early modern and napoleonic periods . 
prinair :: prinair was a puerto rican airline . 
osiris :: osiris ( , from egyptian " wsjr " , coptic ) is an egyptian god , identified as the god of the afterlife , the underworld , and the dead , but more appropriately as the god of transition , resurrection , and regeneration . 
polyeidos :: in greek mythology , polyeidos or polyidus ( greek , " seeing many things " ) , son of coeranus , was a famous seer from corinth . 
mica :: the mica group of sheet silicate ( phyllosilicate ) minerals includes several closely related materials having nearly perfect basal cleavage . 
blackfish :: blackfish is a common name of fish . 
uranus :: uranus is the seventh planet from the sun . 
acupuncture :: acupuncture is a form of alternative medicine in which thin needles are inserted into the body . 
comparator :: in electronics , a comparator is a device that compares two voltages or currents and outputs a digital signal indicating which is larger . 
salmonidae :: salmonidae is a family of ray - finned fish , the only living family currently placed in the order salmoniformes . 
scart :: scart ( from – radio and television receiver manufacturers ' association ) is a french - originated standard and associated 21-pin connector for connecting audio - visual ( av ) equipment . 
paleontology :: paleontology or palaeontology ( ) is the scientific study of life that existed prior to , and sometimes including , the start of the holocene epoch ( roughly 11,700 years before present ) . 
kayak :: a kayak is a small , narrow watercraft which is propelled by means of a double - bladed paddle . 
flow-matic :: flow - matic , originally known as b-0 ( business language version 0 ) , was the first english - like data processing language . 
aarau :: aarau ( , locally [ ˈɑːræʊ ] ) is a town , a municipality , and the capital of the northern swiss canton of aargau . 
nuuk :: nuuk ( , ; colonial name ) is the capital and largest city of greenland and the municipality of sermersooq . 
canterbury :: canterbury ( , , or ) is a historic english cathedral city and unesco world heritage site , which lies at the heart of the city of canterbury , a local government district of kent , england . 
gematria :: gematria originated as an assyro - babylonian - greek system of alphanumeric code / cipher later adopted into jewish culture that assigns numerical value to a word / name / phrase in the belief that words or phrases with identical numerical values bear some relation to each other or bear some relation to the number itself as it may apply to nature , a person 's age , the calendar year , or the like . 
alkane :: in organic chemistry , an alkane , or paraffin ( a historical name that also has other meanings ) , is an acyclic saturated hydrocarbon . 
calendar :: a calendar is a system of organising days for social , religious , commercial or administrative purposes . 
moby-dick :: moby - dick ; or , the whale is a novel by american writer herman melville , published in 1851 during the period of the american renaissance . 
minsk :: minsk ( , ; , ) , is the capital and largest city of belarus , on the svislach and the nyamiha rivers . 
hypoglycemia :: hypoglycemia , also known as low blood sugar , is when blood sugar decreases to below normal levels . 
malaria :: malaria is a mosquito - borne infectious disease affecting humans and other animals caused by parasitic protozoans ( a group of single - celled microorganisms ) belonging to the " plasmodium " type . 
consistency :: in classical deductive logic , a consistent theory is one that does not contain a contradiction . 
vercingetorix :: vercingetorix ( or ; ; 82 bc – 46 bc ) was a king and chieftain of the arverni tribe ; he united the gauls in a revolt against roman forces during the last phase of julius caesar 's gallic wars . 
olmec :: the olmecs were the earliest known major civilization in mexico following a progressive development in soconusco . 
udma :: the ultra dma ( ultra direct memory access , udma ) interface was the fastest method used to transfer data through the ata controller , usually between the computer and an ata device . 
libitina :: libitina , also libentina or lubentina , is an ancient roman goddess of funerals and burial . 
generalization :: a generalization ( or generalisation ) is the formulation of general concepts from specific instances by abstracting common properties . 
equilibrium :: equilibrium , in several sciences , is the condition of a system in which all competing influences are balanced . 
anthrax :: anthrax is an infection caused by the bacterium " bacillus anthracis " . 
caprera :: caprera is an island in the maddalena archipelago off the coast of sardinia , italy . 
crossfire :: a crossfire ( also known as interlocking fire ) is a military term for the siting of weapons ( often automatic weapons such as assault rifles or sub - machine guns ) so that their arcs of fire overlap . 
ananke :: ananke ( ) has several meanings : 
axiology :: axiology ( from greek , " axia " , " value , worth " ; and , " -logia " ) is the philosophical study of value . 
cuauhtémoc :: cuauhtémoc ( , also known as cuauhtemotzin , guatimozin or guatemoc ; c. 1495 ) was the aztec ruler ( " tlatoani " ) of tenochtitlan from 1520 to 1521 , making him the last aztec emperor . 
adrenochrome :: adrenochrome is a chemical compound with the molecular formula chno produced by the oxidation of adrenaline ( epinephrine ) . 
babur :: babur (; 14 february 148326 december 1530 ) , born ẓahīr - ud - dīn muhammad ( ) , was a conqueror from central asia who , following a series of setbacks , finally succeeded in laying the base for the mughal dynasty in the indian subcontinent and became the first mughal emperor . 
theory :: a theory is a contemplative and rational type of abstract or generalizing thinking , or the results of such thinking . 
metabolism :: metabolism ( from " metabolē " , " change " ) is the set of life - sustaining chemical transformations within the cells of organisms . 
vallvidrera :: vallvidrera is a neighbourhood of the sarrià - sant gervasi district of barcelona , catalonia . 
psychoanalysis :: psychoanalysis is a set of theories and therapeutic techniques related to the study of the unconscious mind , which together form a method of treatment for mental - health disorders . 
arsenic :: arsenic is a chemical element with symbol as and atomic number 33 . 
zelus :: in greek mythology , zelus or zelos ( greek : ζῆλος , " zēlos " , literally " zeal " ) was the daimon son of pallas and styx . 
multicast :: in computer networking , multicast is group communication where data transmission is addressed to a group of destination computers simultaneously . 
arthritis :: arthritis is a term often used to mean any disorder that affects joints . 
marjoram :: marjoram ( " origanum majorana " , syn . " majorana hortensis " moench , " majorana majorana " ( l. ) h. karst ) is a somewhat cold - sensitive perennial herb or undershrub with sweet pine and citrus flavors . 
deverra :: in roman mythology , deverra ( apparently from latin " deverro " " to sweep away " ) was one of the three gods that protected midwives and women in labor , the other two being pilumnus and intercidona . 
kislev :: kislev ( hebrew : כִּסְלֵו , " kislev " " kislēw " ; also " chislev " ) is the third month of the civil year and the ninth month of the ecclesiastical year on the hebrew calendar . 
apuleius :: apuleius (; also called lucius apuleius madaurensis and in c. 124 – c. 170 ad ) was a latin - language prose writer , platonist philosopher and rhetorian . 
antinomy :: antinomy ( greek ἀντί , " antí " , " against , in opposition to " , and νόμος , " nómos " , " law " ) refers to a real or apparent mutual incompatibility of two laws . 
rpgnet :: rpgnet is a role - playing game website . 
nutmeg :: nutmeg refers to the seed or ground spice of several species of the " myristica " genus . 
strait :: a strait is a naturally formed , narrow , typically navigable waterway that connects two larger bodies of water . 
nigeria :: the federal republic of nigeria , commonly referred to as nigeria , is a federal republic in west africa , bordering benin in the west , chad and cameroon in the east , and niger in the north . 
moonfleet :: moonfleet is a tale of smuggling , royal treasure and shipwreck by the english novelist j. meade falkner , first published in 1898 . 
plumbaginales :: plumbaginales is an order of flowering plants . 
týr :: týr (; old norse : " týr " ) is a germanic god associated with law and heroic glory in norse mythology , portrayed as one - handed . 
larsa :: larsa ( sumerian logogram : ud.unug , read " larsam " ) was an important city of ancient sumer , the center of the cult of the sun god utu . 
aeroelasticity :: aero elasticity is the branch of physics and engineering that studies the interactions between the inertial , elastic , and aerodynamic forces that occur when an elastic body is exposed to a fluid flow . 
ontology :: ontology is the philosophical study of the nature of being , becoming , existence , or reality , as well as the basic categories of being and their relations . 
ss-gb :: ss - gb is an alternative history novel by len deighton , set in a united kingdom conquered and occupied by germany during the second world war . 
bocce :: the sport is also very popular on the eastern side of the adriatic , especially in croatia , montenegro and bosnia and herzegovina , where the sport is known in serbo - croatian as ' ( ' playing '' ) or ' ( colloquially also ' ) . 
wysiwyg :: wysiwyg ( ) is an acronym for " what you see is what you get " . 
cyclotron :: a cyclotron is a type of particle accelerator invented by ernest o. lawrence in 1934 in which charged particles accelerate outwards from the centre along a spiral path . 
aquaculture :: aquaculture is the farming of fish , crustaceans , molluscs , aquatic plants , algae , and other aquatic organisms . 
lunatic :: lunatic is an informal term referring to a person who is considered as mentally ill , dangerous , foolish or unpredictable , conditions once attributed to lunacy . 
astronomer :: an astronomer is a scientist in the field of astronomy who concentrates their studies on a specific question or field outside the scope of earth . 
leeuwarden :: leeuwarden ( , ) , stadsfries : " liwwadden " ) is a city and municipality with a population of 108,249 in friesland in the netherlands . 
canvas :: canvas is an extremely durable plain - woven fabric used for making sails , tents , marquees , backpacks , and other items for which sturdiness is required . 
dehydrogenase :: a dehydrogenase ( also called dh or dhase in the literature ) is an enzyme belonging to the group of oxidoreductases that oxidizes a substrate by reducing an electron acceptor , usually nad / nadp or a flavin coenzyme such as fad or fmn . 
bonobo :: the bonobo ( or ; " pan paniscus " ) , formerly called the pygmy chimpanzee and less often , the dwarf or gracile chimpanzee , is an endangered great ape and one of the two species making up the genus " pan " ; the other is " pan troglodytes " , or the common chimpanzee . 
regin :: reginn , often anglicized as regin or regan , in norse mythology , was the son of hreiðmarr and foster father of sigurd . 
organelle :: in cell biology , an organelle ( ) is a specialized subunit within a cell that has a specific function . 
tradescantia :: tradescantia is a genus of 75 species of herbaceous perennial wildflowers in the family commelinaceae , native to the new world from southern canada to northern argentina , including the west indies . 
shopping :: a " retailer " or a " shop " is a business that presents a selection of goods and offers to trade or sell them to customers for money or other goods . 
lemnos :: lemnos ( ) is a greek island in the northern part of the aegean sea . 
polymnestus :: in ancient greece , polymnestus was , with phronime , the father of battus i of cyrene . 
cranaus :: in greek mythology , cranaus ( ) was the second king of athens , succeeding cecrops i. cranaus married pedias , a spartan woman and daughter of mynes , with whom he had three daughters : cranae , cranaechme ( alternate reading : menaechme ) , and atthis . 
alberich :: in the middle high german " nibelungenlied " , alberich is a dwarf , who guards the treasure of the nibelungen , but is overcome by siegfried . 
nomic :: nomic is a game created in 1982 by philosopher peter suber in which the rules of the game include mechanisms for the players to change those rules , usually beginning through a system of democratic voting . 
stopband :: a stopband is a band of frequencies , between specified limits , through which a circuit , such as a filter or telephone circuit , does not allow signals to pass , or the attenuation is above the required stopband attenuation level . 
amygdalin :: amygdalin ( from ancient greek : " " " almond " ) is a naturally occurring chemical compound , famous for falsely being promoted as a cancer cure . 
ferry :: a ferry is a merchant vessel used to carry passengers , and sometimes vehicles and cargo as well , across a body of water . 
hyperthyroidism :: hyperthyroidism is the condition that occurs due to excessive production of thyroid hormone by the thyroid gland . 
evolution :: evolution is change in the heritable characteristics of biological populations over successive generations . 
morda :: morda is a village on the outskirts of the town of oswestry , shropshire , england , located near the border of england and wales . 
schema :: the word schema comes from the greek word ( ' ) , which means " shape " , or more generally , " plan " . 
biophoton :: biophotons ( from the greek βίος meaning " life " and φῶς meaning " light " ) are photons of light in the ultraviolet and low visible light range that are produced by a biological system . 
njörðr :: in norse mythology , njörðr is a god among the vanir . 
charadriiformes :: charadriiformes is a diverse order of small to medium - large birds . 
ampyx :: in greek mythology , ampyx , amycus or ampycus ( alt . " ampykos " ) ( ancient greek : ἄμπυξ ) was the name of the following figures : 
ahasuerus :: ahasuerus (; in the septuagint ; or in the vulgate ; commonly transliterated " achashverosh " ; cf . 
desy :: the deutsches elektronen - synchrotron ( english " german electron synchrotron " ) commonly referred to by the abbreviation desy , is a national research center in germany that operates particle accelerators used to investigate the structure of matter . 
eetion :: in greek mythology , eëtion ( " ēetíōn " ) was the king of the cilician thebe . 
edamame :: edamame , or edamame bean , is a preparation of immature soybeans in the pod , found in cuisines with origins from east asia . 
mesotardigrada :: the class mesotardigrada has only one species , thermozodium esakii . 
window :: a window is an opening in a wall , door , roof or vehicle that allows the passage of light , sound , and air . 
arnhem :: arnhem or ( or ; , west frisian : " arnhim " , south guelderish : " èrnem " ) is a city and municipality , situated in the eastern part of the netherlands . 
khabarovsk :: khabarovsk (; ; ) is the largest city and the administrative center of khabarovsk krai , russia , located from the chinese border , at the confluence of the amur and ussuri rivers , about north of vladivostok . 
pump :: a pump is a device that moves fluids ( liquids or gases ) , or sometimes slurries , by mechanical action . 
oenotrus :: in greek mythology , oenotrus ( ) was the youngest of fifty sons of lycaon from arcadia . 
epione :: in greek mythology , epione ( ) was the goddess of soothing of pain ; in fact , her name actually means soothing . 
laser :: a laser is a device that emits light through a process of optical amplification based on the stimulated emission of electromagnetic radiation . 
pergamon :: pergamon or or pergamum ( or ) was a rich and powerful ancient greek city in aeolis . 
abakan :: abakan (; khakas : , " ağban " ) is the capital city of the republic of khakassia , russia , located in the central part of minusinsk depression , at the confluence of the yenisei and abakan rivers . 
cantabria :: cantabria ( , ; ) is a historic spanish community and autonomous community with santander as its capital city . 
selenocysteine :: selenocysteine ( abbreviated as sec or u , in older publications also as se - cys ) is the 21st proteinogenic amino acid . 
visicalc :: visicalc ( for " visible calculator " ) was the first spreadsheet computer program for personal computers , originally released for the apple ii by visicorp . 
union :: union is the state of being united or joined . 
febris :: in roman mythology , febris ( " fever " ) was the goddess who embodied , but also protected people from fever and malaria . 
spectrograph :: a spectrograph is an instrument that separates light into a frequency spectrum and records the signal using a camera . 
entropy :: in statistical mechanics , entropy ( usual symbol ) is related to the number of microscopic configurations that a thermodynamic system can have when in a state as specified by some macroscopic variables . 
autobiography :: an autobiography ( from the greek , αὐτός-"autos " self + βίος-"bios " life + γράφειν-"graphein " to write ) is a self - written account of the life of a person . 
coma :: coma is a state of unconsciousness in which a person can not be awakened ; fails to respond normally to painful stimuli , light , or sound ; lacks a normal wake - sleep cycle ; and does not initiate voluntary actions . 
grouse :: grouse are a group of birds from the order galliformes , in the family phasianidae . 
quaternary :: quaternary ( ) is the current and most recent of the three periods of the cenozoic era in the geologic time scale of the international commission on stratigraphy ( ics ) . 
éire :: the modern irish " éire " evolved from the old irish word " ériu " , which was the name of a gaelic goddess . 
vaporware :: in the computer industry , vaporware ( brit . 
bres :: in irish mythology , bres ( or bress ) was a king of the tuatha dé danann . 
skewness :: in probability theory and statistics , skewness is a measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution of a real - valued random variable about its mean . 
charente :: charente ( , saintongeais : " chérente " , occitan : " charanta " ) is a department in southwestern france , in the nouvelle - aquitaine region , named after the charente river , the most important river in the department , and also the river beside which the department 's two largest towns , angoulême and cognac , are sited . 
screenwriter :: a screenplay writer ( also called screenwriter for short ) , scriptwriter or scenarist is a writer who practices the craft of screenwriting , writing screenplays on which mass media , such as films , television programs , comics or video games , are based . 
pegmatite :: a pegmatite is a holocrystalline , intrusive igneous rock composed of interlocking phaneritic crystals usually larger than 2.5 cm in size ( 1 inch ) ; such rocks are referred to as " pegmatitic " . 
n :: n ( named " en " ) is the 14th letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
lung :: the lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails . 
dundee :: dundee (; ) , officially the city of dundee , is scotland 's fourth - largest city and the 51st - most - populous built - up area in the united kingdom . 
vulcano :: vulcano ( ) is a small volcanic island in the tyrrhenian sea , about north of sicily and the southernmost of the eight aeolian islands . 
prometheus :: prometheus ( ; , meaning " forethought " ) is a titan in greek mythology , best known as the deity in greek mythology who was the creator of mankind and its greatest benefactor , who stole fire from mount olympus and gave it to mankind . 
veganism :: veganism is both the practice of abstaining from the use of animal products , particularly in diet , and an associated philosophy that rejects the commodity status of animals . 
quadi :: the quadi were a suebian germanic tribe who lived approximately in the area of modern moravia in the time of the roman empire . 
midi :: midi (; short for musical instrument digital interface ) is a technical standard that describes a communications protocol , digital interface and electrical connectors and allows a wide variety of electronic musical instruments , computers and other related music and audio devices to connect and communicate with one another . 
malt :: malt is germinated cereal grains that have been dried in a process known as " malting " . 
arachnid :: arachnids are a class ( arachnida ) of joint - legged invertebrate animals ( arthropods ) , in the subphylum chelicerata . 
penia :: in plato 's " symposium " , penae ( " deficiency " or " poverty " in latin ) or penia - ( " deficiency " or " poverty " in greek ) was the personification of poverty and need . 
ovipositor :: the ovipositor is an organ used by some animals for the laying of eggs . 
ultrasound :: ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing . 
schleswig-holstein :: schleswig - holstein (; ) is the northernmost of the 16 states of germany , comprising most of the historical duchy of holstein and the southern part of the former duchy of schleswig . 
eir :: in norse mythology , eir ( old norse " help , mercy " ) is a goddess and/or valkyrie associated with medical skill . 
hymenomycete :: hymenomycetes was the largest class of fungi within the division basidiomycota , but the term is no longer taxonomically relevant . 
prince-elector :: the prince - electors ( or simply electors ) of the holy roman empire ( ( ) , pl . 
shamanism :: shamanism ( or ) is a practice that involves a practitioner reaching altered states of consciousness in order to perceive and interact with a spirit world and channel these transcendental energies into this world . 
feminazi :: feminazi is a pejorative term popularized by politically conservative radio talk - show host rush limbaugh to refer to feminists . 
os/390 :: os/390 is an ibm operating system for the system/390 ibm mainframe computers . 
freyja :: in norse mythology , freyja (; old norse for " ( the ) lady " ) is a goddess associated with love , sex , beauty , fertility , gold , seiðr , war , and death . 
peneus :: in greek mythology , peneus (; ) was a thessalian river god , one of the three thousand rivers ( potamoi ) , a child of oceanus and tethys . 
macaria :: macaria or makaria ( greek μακαρία ) is the name of two figures from ancient greek religion and mythology . 
