Anarchism ::   anarchism is a political philosophy that advocates self - governed societies based on voluntary institutions . 
Autism ::   autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by impaired social interaction , impaired verbal and non - verbal communication , and restricted and repetitive behavior . 
Albedo ::   albedo ( ) is a measure for reflectance or optical brightness ( latin " albedo , " " whiteness " ) of a surface . 
A ::   a ( named , plural " as " , " a 's " , " a"s , " a 's " or " aes " ) is the first letter and the first vowel of the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Alabama ::   alabama is a state in the southeastern region of the united states . 
Achilles ::   in greek mythology , achilles ( , ; ) was a greek hero of the trojan war and the central character and greatest warrior of homer 's " iliad " . 
Aristotle ::   aristotle (; , , " aristotélēs " ; 384–322   bc ) was an ancient greek philosopher and scientist born in the city of stagira , chalkidice , on the northern periphery of classical greece . 
Actrius ::   actresses ( catalan : actrius ) is a 1997 catalan language spanish drama film produced and directed by ventura pons and based on the award - winning stage play " e.r. " by josep maria benet i jornet . 
Altruism ::   altruism or selflessness is the principle or practice of concern for the welfare of others . 
Algeria ::   algeria ( ' ; , ' ; ) , officially the people 's democratic republic of algeria , is a sovereign state in north africa on the mediterranean coast . 
Anthropology ::   anthropology is the study of various aspects of humans within past and present societies . 
Alchemy ::   alchemy is a philosophical and protoscientific tradition practiced throughout europe , africa and asia . 
Alien ::   alien primarily refers to : alien(s ) , or the alien(s ) may also refer to : 
Astronomer ::   an astronomer is a scientist in the field of astronomy who concentrates their studies on a specific question or field outside the scope of earth . 
ASCII ::   ascii ( ) , abbreviated from american standard code for information interchange , is a character encoding standard for electronic communication . 
Animation ::   animation is the process of making the illusion of motion and the illusion of change by means of the rapid succession of sequential images that minimally differ from each other . 
Apollo ::   apollo ( attic , ionic , and homeric greek : , " apollōn " ( ) ; doric : , " apellōn " ; arcadocypriot : , " apeilōn " ; aeolic : , " aploun " ; ) is one of the most important and complex of the olympian deities in classical greek and roman religion and greek and roman mythology . 
Andorra ::   andorra (; , ) , officially the principality of andorra ( ) , also called the principality of the valleys of andorra ( ) , is a sovereign landlocked microstate in southwestern europe , located in the eastern pyrenees mountains and bordered by france in the north , and spain ( including the unrecognised catalan republic ) in the south . 
Amphibian ::   amphibians are ectothermic , tetrapod vertebrates of the class amphibia . 
Alaska ::   alaska ( ) is a u.s. state located in the northwest extremity of north america . 
Agriculture ::   agriculture is the cultivation and breeding of animals , plants and fungi for food , fiber , biofuel , medicinal plants and other products used to sustain and enhance human life . 
Algae ::   algae (; singular alga ) is an informal term for a large , diverse group of photosynthetic organisms that are not necessarily closely related , and is thus polyphyletic . 
Alkane ::   in organic chemistry , an alkane , or paraffin ( a historical name that also has other meanings ) , is an acyclic saturated hydrocarbon . 
Arraignment ::   arraignment is a formal reading of a criminal charging document in the presence of the defendant to inform the defendant of the charges against him or her . 
Abacus ::   the abacus ( " plural " abaci or abacuses ) , also called a counting frame , is a calculating tool that was in use in europe , china and russia , centuries before the adoption of the written hindu – arabic numeral system . 
Acid ::   an acid is a molecule or ion capable of donating a hydron ( proton or hydrogen ion h ) , or , alternatively , capable of forming a covalent bond with an electron pair ( a lewis acid ) . 
Asphalt ::   asphalt ( ) , also known as bitumen ( uk english : , us english : ) is a sticky , black , and highly viscous liquid or semi - solid form of petroleum . 
Astronaut ::   an astronaut or cosmonaut is a person trained by a human spaceflight program to command , pilot , or serve as a crew member of a spacecraft . 
Alphabet ::   an alphabet is a standard set of letters ( basic written symbols or graphemes ) that is used to write one or more languages based upon the general principle that the letters represent phonemes ( basic significant sounds ) of the spoken language . 
Anatomy ::   anatomy ( greek anatomē , “ dissection ” ) is the branch of biology concerned with the study of the structure of organisms and their parts . 
Ambiguity ::   ambiguity is a type of uncertainty of meaning in which several interpretations are plausible . 
Aardvark ::   the aardvark ( ; " orycteropus afer " ) is a medium - sized , burrowing , nocturnal mammal native to africa . 
Aardwolf ::   the aardwolf ( " proteles cristata " ) is a small , insectivorous mammal , native to east and southern africa . 
Adobe ::   adobe ( , ; ) is a building material made from earth and other organic materials . 
Adventure ::   an adventure is an exciting or unusual experience . 
Asia ::   asia ( ) is earth 's largest and most populous continent , located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres . 
Aruba ::   aruba ( ; ) is a constituent country of the kingdom of the netherlands in the southern caribbean sea , located about west of the main part of the lesser antilles and north of the coast of venezuela . 
Angola ::   angola ( ) , officially the republic of angola ( ; kikongo , kimbundu and umbundu : " repubilika ya ngola " ) , is a country in southern africa . 
Alberta ::   alberta ( ) is a western province of canada . 
Actinopterygii ::   actinopterygii , or the ray - finned fishes , constitute a class or subclass of the bony fishes . 
Afghanistan ::   afghanistan (; pashto / dari : , pashto : " afġānistān " , dari : " afġānestān " ) , officially the islamic republic of afghanistan , is a landlocked country located within south asia and central asia . 
Albania ::   albania ( , ; ; ) , officially the republic of albania ( , ) , is a country in southern and southeastern europe . 
Allah ::   allah (; , ) is the arabic word for god in abrahamic religions . 
Azerbaijan ::   azerbaijan ( , or ; ] ) , officially the republic of azerbaijan ( ] ) , is a country in the south caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of southwest asia and southeastern europe . 
Aikido ::   ueshiba 's goal was to create an art that practitioners could use to defend themselves while also protecting their attacker from injury . 
Art ::   art is a diverse range of human activities in creating visual , auditory or performing artifacts ( artworks ) , expressing the author 's imaginative or technical skill , intended to be appreciated for their beauty or emotional power . 
Agnostida ::   agnostida is an order of arthropod which first developed near the end of the early cambrian period and thrived during the middle cambrian . 
Abortion ::   abortion is the ending of pregnancy by removing a fetus or embryo before it can survive outside the uterus . 
Ampere ::   the ampere ( symbol : a ) , often shortened to " amp " , is the base unit of electric current in the international system of units ( si ) . 
Algorithm ::   in mathematics and computer science , an algorithm ( ) is an unambiguous specification of how to solve a class of problems . 
Anthophyta ::   the anthophytes were thought to be a clade comprising plants bearing flower - like structures . 
Mouthwash ::   mouthwash , mouth rinse , oral rinse or mouth bath , is a liquid which is held in the mouth passively or swilled around the mouth by contraction of the perioral muscles and/or movement of the head , and may be gargled , where the head is tilted back and the liquid bubbled at the back of the mouth . 
Asparagales ::   asparagales ( asparagoid lilies ) is an order of plants in modern classification systems such as the angiosperm phylogeny group ( apg ) and the angiosperm phylogeny web . 
Alismatales ::   the alismatales ( alismatids ) are an order of flowering plants including about 4500 species . 
Apiales ::   the apiales are an order of flowering plants . 
Asterales ::   asterales is an order of dicotyledonous flowering plants that includes the large family asteraceae ( or compositae ) known for composite flowers made of florets , and ten families related to the asteraceae . 
Asteroid ::   asteroids are minor planets , especially those of the inner solar system . 
Allocution ::   an allocution , or allocutus , is a formal statement made to the court by the defendant who has been found guilty prior to being sentenced . 
Affidavit ::   an affidavit ( ) is a written sworn statement of fact voluntarily made by an " affiant " or " deponent " under an oath or affirmation administered by a person authorized to do so by law . 
Anime ::   anime ( ) is a japanese term for hand - drawn or computer animation . 
Ankara ::   ankara (   ;   ) , formerly known as ancyra ( ) and angora , is the capital of the republic of turkey . 
Arabic ::   arabic ( , ' or ' or ) is a central semitic language that first emerged in iron age northwestern arabia and is now the " lingua franca " of the arab world . 
Anaconda ::   anacondas are a group of large snakes of the genus eunectes . 
Attila ::   attila ( or ; fl . circa 406–453 ) , frequently referred to as attila the hun , was the ruler of the huns from 434 until his death in march 453 . 
Amsterdam ::   amsterdam (; ) is the capital and most populous municipality of the netherlands . 
Audi ::   audi ag ( ) is a german automobile manufacturer that designs , engineers , produces , markets and distributes luxury vehicles . 
Aircraft ::   an aircraft is a machine that is able to fly by gaining support from the air . 
Anatolia ::   anatolia ( , in modern greek : , from , ' , ' – " east " or " ( sun)rise " ) , sometimes known as asia minor ( , in medieval and modern greek : , ' , ' – " small asia " ) , asian turkey , the anatolian peninsula , or the anatolian plateau , is the westernmost protrusion of asia , which makes up the majority of modern - day turkey . 
Aberdeenshire ::   aberdeenshire ( ) is one of the 32 council areas of scotland . 
Abjad ::   an abjad ( pronounced or ) is a type of writing system where each symbol stands for a consonant , leaving the reader to supply the appropriate vowel . 
Abugida ::   an abugida ( from ge'ez : አቡጊዳ " ’abugida " ) , or alphasyllabary , also known as avugida , is a segmental writing system in which consonant – vowel sequences are written as a unit : each unit is based on a consonant letter , and vowel notation is secondary . 
ABBA ::   abba ( ) were a swedish pop group , formed in stockholm in 1972 by members agnetha fältskog , björn ulvaeus , benny andersson , and anni - frid lyngstad . 
Allegiance ::   an allegiance is a duty of fidelity said to be owed , or freely committed , by the people , subjects or citizens to their state or sovereign . 
MessagePad ::   the messagepad is the first series of personal digital assistant devices developed by apple computer for the newton platform in 1993 . 
Agnosticism ::   agnosticism is the view that the existence of god , of the divine or the supernatural is unknown or unknowable . 
Argon ::   argon is a chemical element with symbol   ar and atomic number   18 . 
Arsenic ::   arsenic is a chemical element with symbol   as and atomic number   33 . 
Antimony ::   antimony is a chemical element with symbol   sb ( from ) and atomic number   51 . 
Actinium ::   actinium is a chemical element with symbol   ac and atomic number   89 . 
Americium ::   americium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol am and atomic number 95 . 
Astatine ::   astatine is a radioactive chemical element with symbol at and atomic number 85 . 
Atom ::   an atom is the smallest constituent unit of ordinary matter that has the properties of a chemical element . 
Aluminium ::   aluminium or aluminum is a chemical element with symbol   al and atomic number   13 . 
Archipelago ::   an archipelago ( ) , sometimes called an island group or island chain , is a chain , cluster or collection of islands , or sometimes a sea containing a small number of scattered islands . 
Author ::   an author is the originator of any written work such as a book or play , and is thus also a writer . 
Angst ::   angst means fear or anxiety ( " anguish " is its latinate equivalent , and " anxious , " " anxiety " are of similar origin ) . 
Anxiety ::   anxiety is an emotion characterized by an unpleasant state of inner turmoil , often accompanied by nervous behavior , such as pacing back and forth , somatic complaints , and rumination . 
Axiom ::   an axiom or postulate is a statement that is taken to be true , to serve as a premise or starting point for further reasoning and arguments . 
Alpha ::   alpha ( uppercase , lowercase ; , " álpha " , " álfa " ) is the first letter of the greek alphabet . 
Azincourt ::   azincourt (; historically , agincourt in english ) is a commune in the pas - de - calais department in northern france . 
Asteraceae ::   asteraceae or compositae ( commonly referred to as the aster , daisy , composite , or sunflower family ) is a very large and widespread family of flowering plants ( angiospermae ) . 
Apiaceae ::   apiaceae or umbelliferae , is a family of mostly aromatic flowering plants named after the type genus " apium " and commonly known as the celery , carrot or parsley family . 
Axon ::   an axon ( from greek ἄξων " áxōn " , axis ) , is a long , slender projection of a nerve cell , or neuron , that typically conducts electrical impulses away from the neuron 's cell body . 
Ataxia ::   ataxia is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements that includes gait abnormality . 
Alps ::   the alps (; ; ; ; ; ) are the highest and most extensive mountain range system that lies entirely in europe , stretching approximately across eight alpine countries ( from west to east ) : france , switzerland , italy , monaco , liechtenstein , austria , germany , and slovenia . 
Arecales ::   arecales is an order of flowering plants . 
April ::   april is the fourth month of the year in the gregorian calendar , the fifth in the early julian and the first month to have the length of 30 days . 
August ::   august is the eighth month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars , falling between july and september , and the fifth month to have the length of 31 days . 
Aaron ::   aaron (; or ) is a prophet , high priest , and the brother of moses in the abrahamic religions ( elder brother in the case of judaism ) . 
Alcohol ::   in chemistry , an alcohol is any organic compound in which the hydroxyl functional group ( –oh ) is bound to a saturated carbon atom . 
Anarcho-capitalism ::   anarcho - capitalism is a political philosophy and school of anarchist thought that advocates the elimination of the state in favor of self - ownership , private property , and free markets . 
Aristophanes ::   aristophanes ( or ; , ; c. 446 – c. 386 bc ) , son of philippus , of the deme kydathenaion ( ) , was a comic playwright of ancient athens . 
Abscess ::   an abscess ( ) is a collection of pus that has built up within the tissue of the body . 
Aarhus ::   aarhus (; officially spelled århus from 1948 until 31 december 2010 ) is the second - largest city in denmark and the seat of aarhus municipality . 
Amateur ::   an amateur ( french " amateur " " lover of " , from old french and ultimately from latin " amatorem " nom . 
Almond ::   the almond ( " prunus dulcis " , syn . " prunus amygdalus " ) is a species of tree native to the middle east , the indian subcontinent and north africa . 
Antisemitism ::   antisemitism ( also spelled anti - semitism or anti - semitism ) is hostility to , prejudice , or discrimination against jews . 
Avicenna ::   avicenna (; also ibn sīnā or abu ali sina ; ;   – june 1037 ) was a persian polymath who is regarded as one of the most significant physicians , astronomers , thinkers and writers of the islamic golden age . 
Analysis ::   analysis is the process of breaking a complex topic or substance into smaller parts in order to gain a better understanding of it . 
Abbot ::   abbot , meaning father , is an ecclesiastical title given to the male head of a monastery in various traditions , including christianity . 
Ardipithecus ::   ardipithecus is a genus of an extinct hominine that lived during late miocene and early pliocene in afar depression , ethiopia . 
Adelaide ::   adelaide ( ) is the capital city of the state of south australia , and the fifth - most populous city of australia . 
Automorphism ::   in mathematics , an automorphism is an isomorphism from a mathematical object to itself . 
Accordion ::   accordions ( from 19th century german " akkordeon " , from " akkord"—"musical chord , concord of sounds " ) are a family of box - shaped musical instruments of the bellows - driven free - reed aerophone type , colloquially referred to as a squeezebox . 
Anaximander ::   anaximander (; " anaximandros " ; was a pre - socratic greek philosopher who lived in miletus , a city of ionia ( in modern - day turkey ) . 
Architect ::   an architect is a person who plans , designs , and reviews the construction of buildings . 
Abbreviation ::   an abbreviation ( from latin " brevis " , meaning " short " ) is a shortened form of a word or phrase . 
Aphrodite ::   aphrodite ( ; " aphrodite " ) is the greek goddess of love , beauty , pleasure , and procreation . 
Afterlife ::   the afterlife ( also referred to as life after death or the hereafter ) is the belief that an essential part of an individual 's identity or the stream of consciousness continues to manifest after the death of the physical body . 
Astrometry ::   astrometry is the branch of astronomy that involves precise measurements of the positions and movements of stars and other celestial bodies . 
Athena ::   athena (; attic greek : , " athēnā " , or , " athēnaia " ; epic : , " athēnaiē " ; doric : , " athānā " ) or athene (; ionic : , " athēnē " ) , often given the epithet pallas (; ) , is the ancient greek goddess of wisdom , craft , and war . 
Alloy ::   an alloy is a mixture of metals or a mixture of a metal and another element . 
Agrarianism ::   agrarianism is a social philosophy or political philosophy which values rural society as superior to urban society , the independent farmer as superior to the paid worker , and sees farming as a way of life that can shape the ideal social values . 
Angle ::   in planar geometry , an angle is the figure formed by two rays , called the " sides " of the angle , sharing a common endpoint , called the " vertex " of the angle . 
Acoustics ::   acoustics is the branch of physics that deals with the study of all mechanical waves in gases , liquids , and solids including topics such as vibration , sound , ultrasound and infrasound . 
Applet ::   in computing , an applet is any small application that performs one specific task that runs within the scope of a dedicated widget engine or a larger program , often as a plug - in . 
Area ::   area is the quantity that expresses the extent of a two - dimensional figure or shape , or planar lamina , in the plane . 
Artist ::   an artist is a person engaged in an activity related to creating art , practicing the arts , or demonstrating an art . 
Actaeon ::   actaeon (; " aktaion " ) , in greek mythology , son of the priestly herdsman aristaeus and autonoe in boeotia , was a famous theban hero . 
Anglicanism ::   anglicanism is a western christian tradition that evolved out of the practices , liturgy and identity of the church of england following the protestant reformation in the 16th century . 
Athens ::   athens (; , " athína " , , " athínai " ) is the capital and largest city of greece . 
Anguilla ::   anguilla ( ) is a british overseas territory in the caribbean . 
Ashoka ::   ashoka (; ; died 232 bce ) was an indian emperor of the maurya dynasty , who ruled almost all of the indian subcontinent from to 232 bce . 
Arianism ::   in christianity , arianism is a christological concept which asserts the belief that jesus christ is the son of god who was begotten by god the father at a point in time , is distinct from the father and is therefore subordinate to the father . 
Argot ::   an argot (; from french " argot " ' slang ' ) is a secret language used by various groups — e.g . , schoolmates , outlaws , colleagues , among many others 
Anisotropy ::   anisotropy , is the property of being directionally dependent , which implies different properties in different directions , as opposed to isotropy . 
Augustus ::   augustus (; 23 september 63 bc – 19 august 14 ad ) was the founder of the roman principate and considered the first roman emperor , controlling the roman empire from 27 bc until his death in ad 14 . 
Apocrypha ::   apocrypha are works , usually written , of unknown authorship or of doubtful origin . 
Abalone ::   abalone ( or ; via spanish " " , from the rumsen language " aulón " ) is a common name for any of a group of small to very large sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family haliotidae . 
Abbess ::   in christianity , an abbess ( latin " abbatissa " , feminine form of " abbas , " abbot ) is the female superior of a community of nuns , which is often an abbey . 
Abensberg ::   abensberg ( ) is a town in the lower bavarian district of kelheim , in bavaria , germany , lying around 30   km southwest of regensburg , 40   km east of ingolstadt , 50 northwest of landshut and 100   km north of munich . 
Arminianism ::   arminianism is based on theological ideas of the dutch reformed theologian jacobus arminius ( 1560–1609 ) and his historic supporters known as remonstrants . 
Abbey ::   an abbey is a complex of buildings used by members of a religious order under the governance of an abbot or abbess . 
Antimatter ::   in modern physics , antimatter is defined as a material composed of the antiparticle ( or " partners " ) to the corresponding particles of ordinary matter . 
Antiparticle ::   in particle physics , every type of particle has an associated antiparticle with the same mass but with opposite physical charges ( such as electric charge ) . 
Apatosaurus ::   apatosaurus (; meaning " deceptive lizard " ) is a genus of extinct sauropod dinosaurs that lived in north america during the late jurassic period . 
Allosaurus ::   allosaurus ( ) is a genus of large theropod dinosaur that lived 155 to 150   million years ago during the late jurassic period ( kimmeridgian to early tithonian ) . 
AK-47 ::   the ak-47 , or ak as it is officially known ( ) , also known as the kalashnikov , is a gas - operated , 7.62×39 mm assault rifle , developed in the soviet union by mikhail kalashnikov . 
Andes ::   the andes or andean mountains ( ) are the longest continental mountain range in the world . 
Ancylopoda ::   ancylopoda is a group of browsing , herbivorous , mammals in the perissodactyla that show long , curved and cleft claws . 
Anchor ::   an anchor is a device , normally made of metal , used to connect a vessel to the bed of a body of water to prevent the craft from drifting due to wind or current . 
Anazarbus ::   anazarbus ( , medieval ain zarba ; modern anavarza ; ) was an ancient cilician city and ( arch)bishopric , which remains a latin catholic titular see . 
Anagram ::   an anagram is word or phrase formed by rearranging the letters of a different word or phrase , typically using all the original letters exactly once . 
Ammonia ::   ammonia or azane is a compound of nitrogen and hydrogen with the formula nh . 
Amethyst ::   amethyst is a violet variety of quartz often used in jewelry . 
Albertosaurus ::   albertosaurus (; meaning " alberta lizard " ) is a genus of tyrannosaurid theropod dinosaurs that lived in western north america during the late cretaceous period , about 70   million years ago . 
Ambrosia :: 
Ambrose ::   aurelius ambrosius ( ; ) , better known in english as saint ambrose (; 4 april 397 ) , was a bishop of milan who became one of the most influential ecclesiastical figures of the 4th century . 
Ambracia ::   ambracia (; , occasionally , " ampracia " ) , was a city of ancient greece on the site of modern arta . 
Amber ::   amber is fossilized tree resin , which has been appreciated for its color and natural beauty since neolithic times . 
Amalaric ::   amalaric ( gothic : amalareiks ) , or in spanish and portuguese , " amalarico " , ( 502–531 ) was king of the visigoths from 511 until his death in battle in 531 . 
Alphorn ::   the alphorn or alpenhorn or alpine horn is a labrophone , consisting of a wooden natural horn of conical bore , having a wooden cup - shaped mouthpiece , used by mountain dwellers in the swiss alps , austrian alps , bavarian alps in germany , french alps , and elsewhere . 
Army ::   an army ( from latin " arma " " arms , weapons " via old french " armée " , " armed " ( feminine ) ) or ground force is a fighting force that fights primarily on land . 
Alligatoridae ::   the family alligatoridae of crocodylians includes alligators and caimans . 
Alder ::   alder is the common name of a genus of flowering plants ( alnus ) belonging to the birch family betulaceae . 
Arachnophobia ::   arachnophobia is a specific phobia : the fear of spiders and other arachnids such as scorpions . 
Alabaster ::   alabaster is a mineral or rock that is soft and often used for carving , as well as being processed for plaster powder . 
Ahab ::   ahab (; ; ; ) was the seventh king of israel since jeroboam i , the son and successor of omri , and the husband of jezebel of sidon , according to the hebrew scriptures . 
Dasyproctidae ::   dasyproctidae is a family of large south american rodents , comprising the agoutis and acouchis . 
Algol ::   algol , designated beta persei ( β   persei , abbreviated beta   per , β   per ) , known colloquially as the demon star , is a bright multiple star in the constellation of perseus . 
AOL ::   aol ( formerly a company known as aol inc. , originally known as america online , and stylized as aol . ) is a web portal and online service provider based in new york . 
Alcuin ::   alcuin of york (; ; 735 – 19 may 804 ad)—also called ealhwine , alhwin or alchoin — was an english scholar , clergyman , poet and teacher from york , northumbria . 
Angilbert ::   saint angilbert (   – 18 february 814 ) , sometimes known as angilberk or engelbert , was a noble frankish poet who was educated under alcuin and served charlemagne as a secretary , diplomat , and son - in - law . 
Amine ::   in organic chemistry , amines ( , ) are compounds and functional groups that contain a basic nitrogen atom with a lone pair . 
Amide ::   an amide ( or or ) , also known as an acid amide , is a compound with the functional group re(o)nr′ ( r and r′ refer to h or organic groups ) . 
Animism ::   animism ( from latin " " , " breath , spirit , life " ) is the religious belief that objects , places and creatures all possess a distinct spiritual essence . 
Adrian ::   adrian is a form of the latin given name " adrianus " or " hadrianus " . 
Aare ::   the aare ( ) or aar is a tributary of the high rhine and the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within switzerland . 
Abraham ::   abraham ( , arabic : إبراهيم " ibrahim " ) , originally avram or abram , is the common patriarch of the three abrahamic religions . 
Abraxas ::   abraxas ( gk 
Absalom ::   absalom or avshalom ( ) according to the hebrew bible was the third son of david , king of israel with maacah , daughter of talmai , king of geshur . 
Abydos ::   abydos may mean : abidos may mean : 
Acapulco ::   acapulco de juárez ( ) , commonly called acapulco , is a city , municipality and major seaport in the state of guerrero on the pacific coast of mexico , south of mexico city . 
ALGOL ::   algol ( short for algorithmic language ) is a family of imperative computer programming languages , originally developed in the mid-1950s , which greatly influenced many other languages and was the standard method for algorithm description used by the acm in textbooks and academic sources for more than thirty years . 
AWK ::   awk is a programming language designed for text processing and typically used as a data extraction and reporting tool . 
Asgard ::   in norse religion , asgard (; " enclosure of the æsir " ) is one of the nine worlds and home to the æsir tribe of gods . 
Assault ::   in criminal and civil law , assault is an attempt to initiate harmful or offensive contact with a person , or a threat to do so . 
Álfheimr ::   alfheim ( , " land of the elves " or " elfland " ) , also called ljosalfheim ( " ljósálf[a]heimr " , " home of the light - elves " ) , is one of the nine worlds and home of the light elves in norse mythology . 
Alemanni ::   the alemanni ( also " alamanni " ; " suebi " " swabians " ) were a confederation of germanic tribes on the upper rhine river . 
Aachen ::   aachen ( ) or bad aachen , french and traditional english : aix - la - chapelle ( ) , is a spa and border city in north rhine - westphalia , germany . 
Agate ::   agate is a cryptocrystalline variety of silica , chiefly chalcedony , characterised by its fineness of grain and brightness of color . 
Aspirin ::   aspirin , also known as acetylsalicylic acid ( asa ) , is a medication used to treat pain , fever , or inflammation . 
Abner ::   in the first and second books of samuel , abner , avner ( hebrew ) ( hebrew אַבְנֵר " ’avner " meaning " father 's light " ) was cousin to saul and commander - in - chief of his army ( 1 samuel 14:50 , 20:25 ) . 
Acropolis ::   an acropolis ( [ ancient greek ] ] : ἀκρόπολις , " akrópolis " ; from " ákros " ( άκρος ) or " ákron " ( άκρον ) " highest , topmost , outermost " and " pólis " " city " ; plural in english : " acropoles " , " acropoleis " or " acropolises " ) is a settlement , especially a citadel , built upon an area of elevated ground — frequently a hill with precipitous sides , chosen for purposes of defense . 
Acupuncture ::   acupuncture is a form of alternative medicine in which thin needles are inserted into the body . 
Aeneas ::   in greco - roman mythology , aeneas (; greek : αἰνείας , " aineías " , possibly derived from greek meaning " praised " ) was a trojan hero , the son of the prince anchises and the goddess venus ( aphrodite ) . 
Amaranth ::   amaranthus , collectively known as amaranth , is a cosmopolitan genus of annual or short - lived perennial plants . 
Agamemnon :: 
Agasias ::   agasias was the name of several different people in classical history , including two different greek sculptors . 
Agathon ::   agathon (; , " gen " . : ἀγάθωνος ; bc ) was an athenian tragic poet whose works have been lost . 
Ahenobarbus ::   ahenobarbus was a " cognomen " used by a plebeian branch of the " gens domitia " in the late roman republic and early empire . 
Ailanthus ::   ailanthus (; derived from " ailanto , " an ambonese word probably meaning " tree of the gods " or " tree of heaven " ) is a genus of trees belonging to the family simaroubaceae , in the order sapindales ( formerly rutales or geraniales ) . 
Aimoin ::   aimoin of fleury (; ) , french chronicler , was born at villefranche - de - longchat about 960 , and in early life entered the monastery of fleury , where he became a monk and passed the greater part of his life . 
Alboin ::   alboin ( 530sjune 28 , 572 ) was king of the lombards from about 560 until 572 . 
Alcamenes ::   alcamenes ( ) was an ancient greek sculptor of lemnos and athens , who flourished in the 2nd half of the 5th century bc . 
Alcmene ::   in greek mythology , alcmene or alcmena ( or ἀλκμάνα [ doric ] ) was the wife of amphitryon by whom she bore two children , iphicles and laonome . 
Alcidamas ::   alcidamas ( ) , of elaea , in aeolis , greek sophist and rhetorician , flourished in the 4th century bc . 
Alexander ::   alexander ( , ) is a male first name , and less common surname derived from the greek " αλέξανδρος " ( aléxandros ) . 
Alexandrists ::   the alexandrists were a school of renaissance philosophers who , in the great controversy on the subject of personal immortality , adopted the explanation of the " de anima " given by alexander of aphrodisias . 
Aberdeen ::   aberdeen (; , ; ; ) is scotland 's third most populous city , one of scotland 's 32 local government council areas and the united kingdom 's 37th most populous built - up area , with an official population estimate of 196,670 for the city of aberdeen and for the local authority area . 
Antipope ::   an antipope ( ) is a person who , in opposition to the one who is generally seen as the legitimately elected pope , makes a significantly accepted competing claim to be the pope , the bishop of rome and leader of the catholic church . 
Aquaculture ::   aquaculture is the farming of fish , crustaceans , molluscs , aquatic plants , algae , and other aquatic organisms . 
Algiers ::   algiers ( , " al - jazā’er " ; algerian arabic pronunciation : دزاير dzayer , , ) is the capital and largest city of algeria , and the second largest in africa after chad . 
Aloe ::   aloe ( or ) , also written " aloë " , is a genus containing over 500 species of flowering succulent plants . 
Amalasuntha ::   amalasuntha ( also known as amalasuentha , amalaswintha , amalasuintha , amalswinthe , amalasontha or amalsenta ) ( 30 april 534/535 ) was a regent of the ostrogoths from 526 to 534 . 
Amaryllis ::   amaryllis ( ) is the only genus in the subtribe amaryllidinae ( tribe amaryllideae ) . 
Amathus ::   amathus or amathous ( ) was an ancient city and one of the ancient royal cities of cyprus until about 300 bc . 
Alphons ::   alphons ( latinized " alphonsus , adelphonsus , adefonsus " ) is a male given name recorded from the 8th century ( alfonso i of asturias , r. 739 - 757 ) in the christian successor states of the visigothic kingdom in the iberian peninsula . 
Amati ::   amati is the last name of a family of italian violin makers , who lived at cremona from about 1538 to 1740 . 
Amazons ::   in greek mythology , the amazons ( , ' , singular , ' ) were a tribe of women warriors . 
Ambergris ::   ambergris ( or , , ) , " ambergrease " or " grey amber " , is a solid , waxy , flammable substance of a dull grey or blackish colour , produced in the digestive system of sperm whales . 
Ambiorix ::   ambiorix ( gaulish " king of the two directions " ) was , together with cativolcus , prince of the eburones , leader of a belgic tribe of north - eastern gaul ( gallia belgica ) , where modern belgium is located . 
Ambrosians ::   ambrosians are members of one of the religious brotherhoods which at various times since the 14th century have sprung up in and around milan and also a 16th - century sect of anabaptist ambrosians . 
Ambrosiaster ::   ambrosiaster is the name given to the writer of a commentary on st paul 's epistles , " brief in words but weighty in matter , " and valuable for the criticism of the latin text of the new testament . 
Ammon ::   ammon (; ) was an iron age semitic - speaking nation occupying the east of the jordan river , between the torrent valleys of arnon and jabbok , in present - day jordan . 
Amphipolis ::   amphipolis ( - " amfipoli " ; , " amphípolis " ) is best known for being a magnificent ancient greek polis ( city ) , and later a roman city , whose impressive remains can still be seen . 
Amram ::   in the book of exodus , amram (   ; ) is the husband of jochebed and father of aaron , moses and miriam . 
Anacharsis ::   anacharsis (; , ) was a scythian philosopher who travelled from his homeland on the northern shores of the black sea to athens in the early 6th century bc and made a great impression as a forthright , outspoken " barbarian " . 
Anah ::   anah or ana ( , " ʾāna " ) , formerly also known as anna , is an iraqi town on the euphrates river , approximately midway between the gulf of alexandretta and the persian gulf . 
Ananda ::   ānanda was a first cousin of gautama buddha and one of his ten principal disciples . amongst the buddha 's many disciples 
Anaxagoras ::   anaxagoras (; , " anaxagoras " , " lord of the assembly " ;   bc ) was a pre - socratic greek philosopher . 
Anaxarchus ::   anaxarchus (; ; c. 380 – c. 320 bc ) was a greek philosopher of the school of democritus . 
Anastasius ::   anastasius ( latinized ) or anastasios ( ) is derived from the greek ἀνάστασις ( " anastasis " ) meaning " resurrection " . 
Andocides ::   andocides (; , " andokides " ; c. 440 – c. 390 bc ) was a logographer ( speech writer ) in ancient greece . 
Andriscus ::   andriscus ( , " andrískos " ) , also often referenced as pseudo - philip , was the last king of macedon (   149–148   bc ) . 
Andronicus ::   andronicus or andronikos ( ) is a classical greek name . 
Arthritis ::   arthritis is a term often used to mean any disorder that affects joints . 
Acetylene ::   acetylene ( systematic name : ethyne ) is the chemical compound with the formula ch . 
Apuleius ::   apuleius (; also called lucius apuleius madaurensis and in c. 124 – c. 170 ad ) was a latin - language prose writer , platonist philosopher and rhetorian . 
Acre ::   the acre is a unit of land area used in the imperial and us customary systems . 
Ægir ::   in norse mythology , ægir ( old norse " sea " ) is a sea jötunn associated with the ocean . 
Antibiotics ::   antibiotics ( from ancient greek αντιβιοτικά , " antiviotika ) " also called antibacterials , are a type of antimicrobial drug used in the treatment and prevention of bacterial infections 
Actium ::   actium ( greek : ἄκτιον ) was the name of an ancient town on a promontory of western greece in northwestern acarnania , at the mouth of the ambracian gulf ) . 
Amway ::   amway ( short for " american way " ) is an american company specializing in the use of multi - level marketing to sell health , beauty , and home care products . 
Allomorph ::   in linguistics , an allomorph is a variant form of a morpheme , that is , when a unit of meaning varies in sound without changing meaning . 
Allophone ::   in phonology , an allophone (; from the , " állos " , " other " and φωνή , " phōnē " , " voice , sound " ) is one of a set of multiple possible spoken sounds ( or " phones " ) or signs used to pronounce a single phoneme in a particular language . 
Affix ::   an affix ( in modern sense ) is a morpheme that is attached to a word stem to form a new word or word form . 
Allegory ::   as a literary device , an allegory is a metaphor whose vehicle may be a character , place or event , representing real - world issues and occurrences . 
Allotropy ::   allotropy or allotropism ( ) is the property of some chemical elements to exist in two or more different forms , in the same physical state , known as " allotropes " of these elements . 
Archimedes ::   archimedes of syracuse (; ; ) was a greek mathematician , physicist , engineer , inventor , and astronomer . 
Antiprism ::   in geometry , 
Amalric ::   amalric or amalaric ( also americ , almerich , emeric , emerick and other variations ) is a personal name derived from the tribal name " amal " ( referring to the gothic amali ) and " ric " ( gothic " reiks " ) meaning " ruler , prince " . 
Absalon ::   absalon or axel ( 21 march 1201 ) was a danish archbishop and statesman , who was the bishop of roskilde from 1158 to 1192 and archbishop of lund from 1178 until his death . 
Ambroise ::   ambroise , sometimes ambroise of normandy , ( flourished ) was a norman poet and chronicler of the third crusade , author of a work called " , which describes in rhyming old french verse the adventures of as a crusader . 
Alexius ::   alexius is the latinized form of the given name alexios ( , polytonic , " defender " , cf . 
Acquire ::   acquire is a multi - player mergers and acquisitions themed board game . 
Ambush ::   an ambush is a long - established military tactic in which combatants take advantage of concealment and the element of surprise to attack unsuspecting enemy combatants from concealed positions , such as among dense underbrush or behind hilltops . 
Abzyme ::   an abzyme ( from antibody and enzyme ) , also called " catmab " ( from " catalytic monoclonal antibody " ) , and most often called " catalytic antibody " , is a monoclonal antibody with catalytic activity . 
Allele ::   an allele ( /əˈliːl/ ) is a variant form of a given gene . 
Ampicillin ::   ampicillin is an antibiotic used to prevent and treat a number of bacterial infections , such as respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections , meningitis , salmonellosis , and endocarditis . 
Antigen ::   in immunology , an antigen is a molecule capable of inducing an immune response ( to produce an antibody ) in the host organism . 
Autosome ::   an autosome is a chromosome that is not an allosome ( a sex chromosome ) . 
Aquila ::   aquila is the latin and romance languages word for " eagle " . 
Al-Qaeda ::   al - qaeda ( or ; ' , , translation : " the base " , " the foundation " or " the fundament " and alternatively spelled al - qaida , al - qæda and sometimes al - qa'ida ) is a militant sunni islamist multi - national organization founded in 1988 by osama bin laden , abdullah azzam , and several other arab volunteers who fought against the soviet invasion of afghanistan in the 1980s . 
Antlia ::   antlia (; from ancient greek " ἀντλία " ) is a constellation in the southern celestial hemisphere . 
Auriga ::   auriga can refer to : 
Arkansas ::   arkansas ( ) is a state in the southeastern region of the united states , home to over 3 million people as of 2017 . 
Apus ::   apus is a small constellation in the southern sky . 
Aeon ::   the word aeon , also spelled eon ( in american english ) and æon , originally meant " life " , " vital force " or " being " , " generation " or " a period of time " , though it tended to be translated as " age " in the sense of " ages " , " forever " , " timeless " or " for eternity " . 
Airline ::   à an airline is a company that provides air transport services for traveling passengers and freight . 
Amiga ::   the amiga is a family of personal computers sold by commodore starting in 1985 . 
Actinophryid ::   the actinophryids are small , familiar group of heliozoans . 
Archery ::   archery is the sport , practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows . 
Aeschylus ::   aeschylus ( or ; " aiskhulos " ; ; c. 525/524 – 
Acting ::   acting is an activity in which a story is told by means of its enactment by an actor or actress who adopts a character — in theatre , television , film , radio , or any other medium that makes use of the mimetic mode . 
Avionics ::   avionics are the electronic systems used on aircraft , artificial satellites , and spacecraft . 
Ares ::   ares (; ) is the greek god of war . 
Aeronautics ::   aeronautics ( from the ancient greek words ὰήρ " āēr " , which means " air " , and ναυτική " nautikē " which means " navigation " , i.e. " navigation into the air " ) is the science or art involved with the study , design , and manufacturing of air flight capable machines , and the techniques of operating aircraft and rockets within the atmosphere . 
Assyria ::   assyria was a major mesopotamian kingdom and empire of the ancient near east and the levant . 
Abijah ::   abijah ( " ’ăḇîyāh " ; also " abiah " , " abia " ; in modern hebrew " aviya " ) is a biblical hebrew unisex name that means " my father is yah " . 
Aphasia ::   aphasia is an inability to comprehend and formulate language because of damage to specific brain regions . 
Aorta ::   the aorta ( ) is the main artery in the human body , originating from the left ventricle of the heart and extending down to the abdomen , where it splits into two smaller arteries ( the common iliac arteries ) . 
Abimelech ::   abimelech ( also spelled abimelek or avimelech ; ) was the name of multiple philistine kings mentioned in the hebrew bible . 
Asterix ::   asterix or the adventures of asterix ( or " astérix le gaulois " , ) is a series of french comics . 
Ansible ::   an ansible is a category of fictional device or technology capable of instantaneous or faster - than - light communication . 
AppleTalk ::   appletalk was a proprietary suite of networking protocols developed by apple inc. for their macintosh computers . 
Astrology ::   astrology is the study of the movements and relative positions of celestial objects as a means for divining information about human affairs and terrestrial events . 
Aesthetics ::   aesthetics ( or ; also spelled æsthetics and esthetics ) is a branch of philosophy that explores the nature of art , beauty , and taste , with the creation and appreciation of beauty . 
Angles ::   the angles ( ) were one of the main germanic peoples who settled in great britain in the post - roman period . 
Aaliyah ::   aaliyah dana haughton (; january 16 , 1979   – august 25 , 2001 ) was an american singer , actress , and model . 
Armour ::   an armour ( british english ) or armor ( american english ; see spelling differences ) is a protective covering that is used to prevent damage from being inflicted to an object , individual or vehicle by direct contact weapons or projectiles , usually during combat , or from damage caused by a potentially dangerous environment or action ( e.g. , cycling , construction sites , etc . ) . 
Afrikaans ::   afrikaans ( ) is a west germanic language spoken in south africa , namibia and , to a lesser extent , botswana and zimbabwe . 
Aeolus ::   in greek mythology , aeolus (; " aiolos " , modern greek : " quick - moving , nimble " ) is a name shared by three mythical characters . 
ABC ::   abc are the first three letters of the latin script known as the alphabet . 
ABCD ::   abcd is a list of the first four letters in the english alphabet . 
Anti-realism ::   in analytic philosophy , anti - realism is an epistemological position first articulated by british philosopher michael dummett . 
Atlantis ::   atlantis ( , " island of atlas " ) is a fictional island mentioned within an allegory on the hubris of nations in plato 's works " timaeus " and " critias " , where it represents the antagonist naval power that besieges " ancient athens " , the pseudo - historic embodiment of plato 's ideal state ( see " the republic " ) . 
Autobiography ::   an autobiography ( from the greek , αὐτός-"autos " self + βίος-"bios " life + γράφειν-"graphein " to write ) is a self - written account of the life of a person . 
Arcadius ::   arcadius (; ; 1 january 377 – 1 may 408 ) was byzantine emperor from 395 to 408 . 
Arabs ::   arabs (; , ) are a population inhabiting the arab world . 
Armadillo ::   armadillos are new world placental mammals in the order cingulata with a leathery armour shell . 
Arcology ::   arcology , a portmanteau of " architecture " and " ecology " , is a field of creating architectural design principles for very densely populated , ecologically low - impact human habitats . 
Apicomplexa ::   the apicomplexa ( also called apicomplexia ) are a large phylum of parasitic alveolates . 
Atari ::   atari is a corporate and brand name owned by several entities since its inception in 1972 , currently by atari interactive , a subsidiary of the french publisher atari , sa ( asa ) . 
Afghan ::   afghan ( pashto/ ; see " etymology " ) refers to someone or something from afghanistan , in particular a citizen of that country . 
Analgesic ::   an analgesic or painkiller is any member of the group of drugs used to achieve analgesia , relief from pain . 
Actinide ::   the actinide or actinoid ( iupac nomenclature ) series encompasses the 15 metallic chemical elements with atomic numbers from 89 to 103 , actinium through lawrencium . 
Ayahuasca ::   ayahuasca (; ) , or iowaska , or yagé ( or ) , is an entheogenic brew made out of " banisteriopsis caapi " vine and other ingredients . 
Alkaloid ::   alkaloids are a group of naturally occurring chemical compounds that mostly contain basic nitrogen atoms . 
Adventism ::   adventism is a minor branch of protestant christianity which was started by william miller during the second great awakening in the united states . 
Antibody ::   an antibody ( ab ) , also known as an immunoglobulin ( ig ) , is a large , y - shaped protein produced mainly by plasma cells that is used by the immune system to neutralize pathogens such as pathogenic bacteria and viruses . 
Aalen ::   aalen ( ) is a former free imperial city located in the eastern part of the german state of baden - württemberg , about east of stuttgart and north of ulm . 
Aedile ::   aedile ( , from " aedes , " " temple edifice " ) was an office of the roman republic . 
Antidepressant ::   antidepressants are drugs used for the treatment of major depressive disorder and other conditions , including dysthymia , anxiety disorders , obsessive – compulsive disorder , eating disorders , chronic pain , neuropathic pain and , in some cases , dysmenorrhoea , snoring , migraine , attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder ( adhd ) , addiction , dependence , and sleep disorders . 
Anode ::   an anode is an electrode through which conventional current flows into a polarized electrical device . 
Adhesive ::   adhesive may be used interchangeably with glue , cement , mucilage , or paste , and is any substance applied to one surface , or both surfaces , of two separate items that binds them together and resists their separation . 
Arrangement ::   in music , an arrangement is a musical reconceptualization of a previously composed work . 
Alicante ::   alicante ( , ) , or ( ) , both the spanish and valencian being official names , is a city and port in spain on the costa blanca , the capital of the province of alicante and of the comarca of alacantí , in the south of the valencian community . 
Aurangzeb ::   muhi - ud - din muhammad ( 3 november 1618 – 3 march 1707 ) , commonly known by the sobriquet aurangzeb ( persian : " ornament of the throne " ) or by his regnal title alamgir ( persian : " conqueror of the world " ) , was the sixth , and widely considered the last effective mughal emperor . 
Alexandrine ::   alexandrine is a name used for several distinct types of verse line with related metrical structures , most of which are ultimately derived from the classical french alexandrine . 
Audio ::   audio most commonly refers to sound . 
Anthem ::   an anthem is a musical composition of celebration , usually used as a symbol for a distinct group , particularly the national anthems of countries . 
Acceleration ::   acceleration , in physics , is the rate of change of velocity of an object with respect to time . 
Apoptosis ::   apoptosis ( from ancient greek ἀπόπτωσις " falling off " ) is a process of programmed cell death that occurs in multicellular organisms . 
Aarau ::   aarau ( , locally [ ˈɑːræʊ ] ) is a town , a municipality , and the capital of the northern swiss canton of aargau . 
Aargau ::   the canton of aargau ( german " kanton " ; sometimes anglicized argovia ; see also other names ) is one of the more northerly cantons of switzerland . 
Abacá ::   abacá ( ; ) , binomial name musa textilis , is a species of banana native to the philippines , grown as a commercial crop in the philippines , ecuador , and costa rica . 
Abaddon ::   the hebrew term abaddon ( , " ") , and its two greek equivalents apollyon ( ) as a person / being and tartaros ( τάρταρος ) as a place / time , appears in the bible as name of a place , time , or personification / incarnation of destructive nature . 
Abadeh ::   abadeh ( , also romanized as ābādeh ) is a city in and the capital of abadeh county , in fars province , iran . 
Abae ::   abae ( , " abai " ) is an ancient town in the northeastern corner of phocis , in greece . 
Abakan ::   abakan (; khakas : , " ağban " ) is the capital city of the republic of khakassia , russia , located in the central part of minusinsk depression , at the confluence of the yenisei and abakan rivers . 
Amazonite ::   amazonite ( sometimes called " amazon stone " ) is a green variety of microcline feldspar . 
Anthroposophy ::   anthroposophy is the philosophy founded by rudolf steiner that postulates the existence of an objective , intellectually comprehensible spiritual world , accessible to human experience through inner development . 
Aurochs ::   the aurochs ( or ; pl . 
Anus ::   the anus ( from latin " anus " meaning " ring " , " circle " ) is an opening at the opposite end of an animal 's digestive tract from the mouth . 
Acantharea ::   the acantharea ( acantharia ) are a group of radiolarian protozoa , distinguished mainly by their skeletons . 
Amphetamine ::   amphetamine ( contracted from ) is a potent central nervous system ( cns ) stimulant that is used in the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( adhd ) , narcolepsy , and obesity . 
Artillery ::   artillery is a class of large military weapons built to fire munitions far beyond the range and power of infantry 's small arms . 
Alexanderplatz ::   alexanderplatz ( ) is a large public square and transport hub in the central mitte district of berlin , near the fernsehturm . 
Aswan ::   aswan (; ) is a city in the south of egypt , the capital of the aswan governorate . 
Alexandra ::   alexandra ( greek : ) is the feminine form of the given name alexander ( greek : , " alexandros " ) . 
Ansgar ::   saint ansgar ( 8 september 801 – 3 february 865 ) , also known as anskar or saint anschar , was a archbishop of hamburg - bremen – a northern part of the kingdom of the east franks . 
Amalthea ::   amalthea can refer to : 
Ananke ::   ananke ( ) has several meanings : 
Accounting ::   accounting or accountancy is the measurement , processing , and communication of financial information about economic entities such as businesses and corporations . 
Ant ::   ants are eusocial insects of the family formicidae and , along with the related wasps and bees , belong to the order hymenoptera . 
Abated ::   abated , an ancient technical term applied in masonry and metal work to those portions which are sunk beneath the surface , as in inscriptions where the ground is sunk round the letters so as to leave the letters or ornament in relief . 
Abati ::   abati is a surname . 
Abatis ::   an abatis , abattis , or abbattis is a field fortification consisting of an obstacle formed ( in the modern era ) of the branches of trees laid in a row , with the sharpened tops directed outwards , towards the enemy . 
Adware ::   adware , or advertising - supported software , is any software package that automatically renders advertisements in order to generate revenue for its author . 
Aeacus ::   aeacus (; also spelled eacus ; ancient greek : αἰακός ) was a mythological king of the island of aegina in the saronic gulf . 
Aeclanum ::   aeclanum ( also spelled aeculanum , , ) was an ancient town of samnium , southern italy , c. 25   km east - southeast of beneventum , on the via appia . 
Aedesius ::   aedesius ( , died 355 ad ) was a neoplatonist philosopher and mystic born of a noble cappadocian family . 
Aedicula ::   in ancient roman religion , an aedicula ( plural aediculae ) is a small shrine . 
Aedui ::   the aedui , haedui , or hedui ( ) were a gallic people of gallia lugdunensis , who inhabited the country between the arar ( saône ) and liger ( loire ) , in today 's france . 
Aegeus ::   in greek mythology , aegeus ( ) or aegeas ( ) , was an archaic figure in the founding myth of athens . 
Aegina ::   aegina (; , " aígina " , ) is one of the saronic islands of greece in the saronic gulf , from athens . 
Aegis ::   the aegis (; " aigis " ) , as stated in the " iliad " , is carried by athena and zeus , but its nature is uncertain . 
Aegisthus ::   aegisthus (; ; also transliterated as aigisthos ) is a figure in greek mythology . 
Aegospotami ::   aegospotami ( ) or aegospotamos ( i.e. " goat streams " ) is the ancient greek name for a small river issuing into the hellespont ( modern turkish " çanakkale boğazı " ) , northeast of sestos . 
Agarose ::   an agarose is a polysaccharide polymer material , generally extracted from seaweed . 
Ajaccio ::   ajaccio (; ; ; , ) is a french commune , prefecture of the department of corse - du - sud , and head office of the " collectivité territoriale de corse " ( capital city of corsica ) . 
Ajaigarh ::   ajaigarh or adjygurh ( ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in the panna district of madhya pradesh state in central india . 
Ajmer ::   ajmer ( ) is one of the major cities in the indian state of rajasthan and is the centre of the eponymous ajmer district . 
Ajmer-Merwara ::   ajmer - merwara , also known as ajmir province and as ajmer - merwara - kekri , is a former province of british india in the historical ajmer region . 
Affection ::   affection , attraction , infatuation , or fondness is a " disposition or state of mind or body " that is often associated with a feeling or type of love . 
Affray ::   in many legal jurisdictions related to english common law , affray is a public order offence consisting of the fighting of one or more persons in a public place to the terror ( in ) of ordinary people . 
Afyonkarahisar ::   afyonkarahisar ( , " poppy , opium " , " kara " " black " , " hisar " " fortress " ) is a city in western turkey , the capital of afyon province . 
Abbahu ::   abbahu ( ) was a jewish talmudist , known as an " amora " , who lived in the land of israel , of the 3rd amoraic generation ( about 279 - 320 ) , sometimes cited as r. abbahu of caesarea ( ḳisrin ) . 
Abbreviator ::   an abbreviator ( plural " abbreviators " in english and " abbreviatores " in latin ) or breviator was a writer of the papal chancery who adumbrated and prepared in correct form papal bulls , briefs , and consistorial decrees before these were written out " in extenso " by the " scriptores " . 
Abdülaziz ::   abdülaziz ( ottoman turkish : عبد العزيز / " ` abdü’l-`azīz " , ; 9 february 18304 june 1876 ) was the 32nd sultan of the ottoman empire and reigned between 25 june 1861 and 30 may 1876 . 
Apollos ::   apollos ( ) was a 1st century alexandrian jewish christian mentioned several times in the new testament . 
Antacid ::   an antacid is a substance which neutralizes stomach acidity , used to relieve heartburn , indigestion or an upset stomach . 
Antidiarrhoeal ::   an anti - diarrhoeal drug ( or anti - diarrheal drug in american english ) is any medication which provides symptomatic relief for diarrhoea . 
Abencerrages ::   the abencerrages ( from the arabic for " saddler 's son " ) were a family or faction that is said to have held a prominent position in the kingdom of granada in the 15th century . 
Abercarn ::   abercarn is a small town and community in caerphilly county borough , wales , 10 miles ( 16   km ) north - west of newport on the a467 between cwmcarn and newbridge , within the historic boundaries of monmouthshire . 
Aberdare ::   aberdare ( ; ) is a town in the cynon valley area of rhondda cynon taf , wales , at the confluence of the rivers dare ( dâr ) and cynon . 
Aberration ::   an aberration is something that deviates from the normal way . 
Aberdour ::   aberdour (; , ) is a scenic and historic village on the south coast of fife , scotland . 
Abergavenny ::   abergavenny (; , archaically " abergafenni " meaning " mouth of the river gavenny " ) is a market town in monmouthshire , wales . 
Abersychan ::   abersychan is a settlement and community north of pontypool in torfaen , wales , and lies within the boundaries of the historic county of monmouthshire and the preserved county of gwent . 
Abertillery ::   abertillery (; , meaning mouth of the river tyleri ) is the largest town of the ebbw fach valley in what was the historic county of monmouthshire , wales . 
Abettor ::   abettor ( from " to abet , " old french " abeter " , " à " and " beter " , to bait , urge dogs upon any one ; this word is probably of scandinavian origin , meaning to cause to bite ) , is a legal term implying one who instigates , encourages or assists another to commit an offence . 
Abeyance ::   abeyance ( from the old french " abeance " meaning " gaping " ) is a state of expectancy in respect of property , titles or office , when the right to them is not vested in any one person , but awaits the appearance or determination of the true owner . 
Autocorrelation ::   autocorrelation , also known as serial correlation , is the correlation of a signal with a delayed copy of itself as a function of delay . 
Andalusia ::   andalusia (; ) is an autonomous community in southern spain . 
Abhorrers ::   abhorrers , the name given in 1679 to the persons who expressed their abhorrence at the action of those who had signed petitions urging king charles ii of england to assemble parliament . 
Abiathar ::   abiathar ( אֶבְיָתָר , " evyatar " , " the [ divine ] father is pre - eminent " or " father of plenty " ) , in the hebrew bible , son of ahimelech or ahijah , high priest at nob , the fourth in descent from eli ( 1 sam . 
Abigail ::   abigail ( ) ) spelled " abigal " in in the american standard version and " ab'igal " in the revised standard version , but " abigail " in the king james version } } was the wife of nabal ; she became a wife of the future king david after nabal 's death ( 1 samuel ) . 
Abila ::   abila is the name of several places : 
Aspartame ::   aspartame ( apm ) is an artificial , non - saccharide sweetener used as a sugar substitute in some foods and beverages . 
AutoCAD ::   autocad is a commercial computer - aided design ( cad ) and drafting software application . 
Alkene ::   in organic chemistry , an alkene is an unsaturated hydrocarbon that contains at least one carbon – carbon double bond . 
Allene ::   an allene is a compound in which one carbon atom has double bonds with each of its two adjacent carbon centres . 
Alkyne :: 
AbiWord ::   abiword ( ) is a free and open - source software word processor written in c++ . 
Antianginal ::   an antianginal is any drug used in the treatment of " angina pectoris " , a symptom of ischaemic heart disease . 
Ahimsa ::   ahimsa iast : ' , pāli : ' ) means ' not to injure ' and ' compassion ' and refers to a key virtue in indian religions . 
Astrobiology ::   astrobiology is the study of the origin , evolution , distribution , and future of life in the universe : extraterrestrial life and life on earth . 
Akihabara ::   akihabara gained the nickname shortly after world war ii for being a major shopping center for household electronic goods and the post - war black market . 
Aerodynamics ::   aerodynamics , from greek ἀήρ " aer " ( air ) + δυναμική ( dynamics ) , the study of the motion of air , particularly its interaction with a solid object , such as an airplane wing . 
Ash ::   ash or ashes are the solid remains of fires . 
Antiderivative ::   in calculus , an antiderivative , primitive function , primitive integral or indefinite integral of a function is a differentiable function whose derivative is equal to the original function . 
Abjuration ::   abjuration is the solemn repudiation , abandonment , or renunciation by or upon oath , often the renunciation of citizenship or some other right or privilege . 
Azawakh ::   the azawakh is a sighthound livestock guardian breed of dog from west africa . 
Advertising ::   advertising is an audio or visual form of marketing communication that employs an openly sponsored , non - personal message to promote or sell a product , service or idea . 
AI-complete ::   in the field of artificial intelligence , the most difficult problems are informally known as ai - complete or ai - hard , implying that the difficulty of these computational problems is equivalent to that of solving the central artificial intelligence problem — making computers as intelligent as people , or strong ai . 
Archaeoastronomy ::   archaeoastronomy ( also spelled archeoastronomy ) is the study of how people in the past " have understood the phenomena in the sky , how they used these phenomena and what role the sky played in their cultures " . 
Ammeter ::   an ammeter ( from ampere meter ) is a measuring instrument used to measure the current in a circuit . 
Anxiolytic ::   an anxiolytic ( also antipanic or antianxiety agent ) is the medication or other intervention that inhibits anxiety . 
Antipsychotic ::   antipsychotics , also known as neuroleptics or major tranquilizers , are a class of medication primarily used to manage psychosis ( including delusions , hallucinations , paranoia or disordered thought ) , principally in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder . 
Akita :: 
Amoxicillin ::   amoxicillin , also spelled amoxycillin , is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections . 
ArgoUML ::   argouml is an uml diagramming application written in java and released under the open - source eclipse public license . 
Artemis ::   artemis (; " artemis " , ) was one of the most widely venerated of the ancient greek deities . 
Axayacatl ::   axayacatl (; , ; , ; meaning " face of water " ; c. 1449 - 1481 ) was the sixth " tlatoani " of the " altepetl " of tenochtitlan and ruler of the aztec triple alliance . 
Ahuitzotl ::   ahuitzotl ( , ) was the eighth aztec ruler , the " hueyi tlatoani " of the city of tenochtitlan , son of princess atotoztli ii . 
Albinism ::   albinism in humans is a congenital disorder characterized by the complete or partial absence of pigment in the skin , hair and eyes . 
Antarctic ::   the antarctic ( us english , uk english or and or ) is a polar region , specifically the region around the earth 's south pole , opposite the arctic region around the north pole . 
Albanians ::   albanians ( ) are a nation and ethnic group native to albania , kosovo and other neighbouring countries who share a common culture and ancestry and speak the albanian language as a native tongue . 
Anabaptism ::   anabaptism ( from neo - latin " anabaptista " , from the greek : " re- " and " baptism " ) is a christian movement which traces its origins to the radical reformation in europe . 
Anoa ::   anoa , also known as midget buffalo and sapiutan , are a subgenus of " bubalus " comprising two species native to indonesia : the mountain anoa ( " bubalus quarlesi " ) and the lowland anoa ( " bubalus depressicornis " ) . 
Alcopop ::   an alcopop ( or cooler , spirit cooler in south african english , or malternative in american slang ) is a term describing certain flavored alcoholic beverages with relatively low alcohol content ( e.g. , 3–7% alcohol by volume ) , including : the term alcopop ( a portmanteau of the words " alcohol " and " pop " ) is used commonly in the united kingdom to describe these drinks and in some countries by neoprohibitionists . 
Alkali ::   in chemistry , an alkali (; from arabic : " al - qaly " القلي , القالي , “ ashes of the saltwort ” ) is a basic , ionic salt of an alkali metal or alkaline earth metal chemical element . 
Assassination ::   assassination is the murder of a prominent person , often a political leader or ruler , when executed by a third party or assassin , usually for political reasons or payment . 
Alcoholism ::   alcoholism , also known as alcohol use disorder ( aud ) , is a broad term for any drinking of alcohol that results in mental or physical health problems . 
Abstraction ::   abstraction in its main sense is a conceptual process where general rules and concepts are derived from the usage and classification of specific examples , literal ( " real " or " concrete " ) signifiers , first principles , or other methods . " 
Austria-Hungary ::   austria - hungary , often referred to as the austro - hungarian empire or the dual monarchy in english - language sources , was a constitutional union of the austrian empire ( the kingdoms and lands represented in the imperial council , or " cisleithania " ) and the kingdom of hungary ( lands of the crown of saint stephen or " transleithania " ) that existed from 1867 to 1918 , when it collapsed as a result of defeat in world war i. the union was a result of the austro - hungarian compromise of 1867 and came into existence on 30 march 1867 . 
Abracadabra ::   abracadabra is an incantation used as a magic word in stage magic tricks , and historically was believed to have healing powers when inscribed on an amulet . 
Admiralty ::   the admiralty , formerly known as the office of the admiralty and marine affairs , was the government department responsible for the command of the royal navy first in the kingdom of england , second in the kingdom of great britain , and from 1801 - 1964 , the united kingdom and former british empire . 
Amputation ::   amputation is the removal of a limb by trauma , medical illness , or surgery . 
Anemometer ::   an anemometer is a device used for measuring the speed of wind , and is also a common weather station instrument . 
Archaeopteryx ::   archaeopteryx ( ) , meaning " first wing " ( sometimes referred to by its german name ( " original bird " or " first bird " ) ) , is a genus of bird - like dinosaurs that is transitional between non - avian feathered dinosaurs and modern birds . 
Analcime ::   analcime or analcite ( from the greek " analkimos " - " weak " ) is a white , gray , or colorless tectosilicate mineral . 
`Abdu'l-Bahá ::   ` abdu’l - bahá ' ( persian/‎ , 23 may 1844 – 28 november 1921 ) , born ‘ abbás effendí ( ) , was the eldest son of bahá'u'lláh , the founder of the bahá'í faith . 
Anubis ::   anubis ( or ; , egyptian : " jnpw " , coptic : " anoup " ) is the greek name of a god associated with mummification and the afterlife in ancient egyptian religion , usually depicted as a canine or a man with a canine head . 
Aleut ::   the aleuts ( ) ( " aleuty " ) , who are usually known in the aleut language by the endonym unangax̂ унаңан ( lit . 
Adoptionism ::   adoptionism , sometimes called dynamic monarchianism , is a nontrinitarian theological doctrine which holds that jesus was adopted as the son of god at his baptism , his resurrection , or his ascension . 
Apollinarism ::   apollinarism or apollinarianism was a view proposed by apollinaris of laodicea ( died 390 ) that jesus could not have had a human mind ; rather , jesus had a human body and lower soul ( the seat of the emotions ) but a divine mind . 
Amphisbaena ::   the amphisbaena ( , plural : amphisbaenae ) is a mythological , ant - eating serpent with a head at each end . 
Autumn ::   autumn , also known as fall in american and canadian english , is one of the four temperate seasons . 
Accrington ::   accrington is a town in the hyndburn borough of lancashire , england . 
Armageddon :: 
Athlon ::   athlon is the brand name applied to a series of x86-compatible microprocessors designed and manufactured by advanced micro devices ( amd ) . 
Amnon :: 
Arcturus ::   arcturus ( ) , also designated alpha   boötis ( α   boötis , abbreviated alpha   boo , α   boo ) , is the brightest star in the constellation of boötes , the fourth - brightest in the night sky , and the brightest in the northern celestial hemisphere . 
Androphagi ::   androphagi ( ancient greek : " ἀνδροφάγοι " for " man - eaters " ) was an ancient nation of cannibals north of scythia ( according to herodotus ) , probably in the forests between the upper waters of the dnepr and don . 
Antares ::   antares ( ) , also designated alpha scorpii ( α scorpii , abbreviated alpha sco , α sco ) , is on average the fifteenth - brightest star in the night sky , and the brightest star in the constellation of scorpius . 
Aldebaran ::   aldebaran , designated alpha tauri ( α tauri , abbreviated alpha tau , α tau ) , is an orange giant star located about 65 light years from the sun in the zodiac constellation of taurus . 
Altair ::   altair ( ) , also designated alpha   aquilae ( α   aquilae , abbreviated alpha   aql , α   aql ) , is the brightest star in the constellation of aquila and the twelfth brightest star in the night sky . 
Alexandria ::   alexandria ( or ; arabic : ' ; ' ; " ") is the second largest city and a major economic centre in egypt , extending about along the coast of the mediterranean sea in the north central part of the country . 
Asymptote ::   in analytic geometry , an asymptote ( ) of a curve is a line such that the distance between the curve and the line approaches zero as one or both of the " x " or " y " coordinates tends to infinity . 
Arianespace ::   arianespace sa is a multinational company founded in 1980 as the world 's first commercial launch service provider . 
Arithmetic ::   arithmetic ( from the greek ἀριθμός " arithmos " , " number " ) is a branch of mathematics that consists of the study of numbers , especially the properties of the traditional operations between them — addition , subtraction , multiplication and division . 
Amakusa ::   amakusa ( 天草 ) , which means " heaven 's grass , " is a series of islands off the west coast of kyushu , the southernmost of the four main islands of japan . 
Afterglow ::   an afterglow is a broad arch of whitish or pinkish sunlight in the sky that is scattered by fine particulates like dust suspended in the atmosphere . 
Atlanta ::   atlanta is the capital of and the most populous city in the u.s. state of georgia , with an estimated 2016 population of 472,522 . 
Axiology ::   axiology ( from greek , " axia " , " value , worth " ; and , " -logia " ) is the philosophical study of value . 
Arbitrage ::   in economics and finance , arbitrage ( , , ) is the practice of taking advantage of a price difference between two or more markets : striking a combination of matching deals that capitalize upon the imbalance , the profit being the difference between the market prices . 
Afrobeat ::   afrobeat is a music genre which developed in the 1970s out of a combination of west african musical styles , such as fuji music and highlife with american funk and jazz , with a focus on chanted vocals and percussion . 
Antinomy ::   antinomy ( greek ἀντί , " antí " , " against , in opposition to " , and νόμος , " nómos " , " law " ) refers to a real or apparent mutual incompatibility of two laws . 
Achduart ::   achduart ( gaelic : achadh dhubhaird ) is a small hamlet in coigach , in wester ross in northwestern scotland , now within the highland council area . 
Achiltibuie ::   achiltibuie (; or " field of the yellow - haired boy " ) is a long linear village in ross and cromarty , highland , on the coigach coast of northwestern scotland , overlooking badentarbet bay to the west . 
Azores ::   the azores ( or ; , ) , officially the autonomous region of the azores ( " ") , is one of the two autonomous regions of portugal , an archipelago composed of nine volcanic islands in the north atlantic ocean about west of continental portugal , about west of lisbon , in continental portugal , about from the african coast , and about southeast of newfoundland , canada . 
Outback ::   the outback is the vast , remote interior of australia . 
Ansbach ::   ansbach (; ) is a city in the german state of bavaria . 
Arno ::   the arno is a river in the tuscany region of italy . 
Amblypoda ::   amblypoda is a taxonomic hypothesis uniting a group of extinct , herbivorous mammals . 
Amblygonite ::   amblygonite is a fluorophosphate mineral , ( li , na)alpo(f , oh ) , composed of lithium , sodium , aluminium , phosphate , fluoride and hydroxide . 
Amygdalin ::   amygdalin ( from ancient greek : " " " almond " ) is a naturally occurring chemical compound , famous for falsely being promoted as a cancer cure . 
Agar ::   agar ( pronounced , ) or agar - agar is a jelly - like substance , obtained from algae . 
Acephali ::   in church history , the term ( from ancient greek : ἀκέφαλοι " headless " , singular ἀκέφαλος " akephalos " from ἀ- " a- " , " without " , and κεφαλή " kephalé " , " head " ) has been applied to several sects that supposedly had no leader . 
Antioxidant ::   an antioxidant is a molecule that inhibits the oxidation of other molecules . 
Brass ::   brass is a metallic alloy that is made of copper and zinc . 
Bonn ::   the federal city of bonn ( ) is a city on the banks of the rhine in the german state of north rhine - westphalia , with a population of over 300,000 . 
BearShare ::   bearshare was a peer - to - peer file sharing application originally created by free peers , inc. for microsoft windows and also a rebranded version of imesh by musiclab , llc , tightly integrated with their music subscription service . 
Belgium ::   belgium ( ) , officially the kingdom of belgium , is a sovereign state in western europe bordered by france , the netherlands , germany , luxembourg , and the north sea . 
Blues ::   blues is a music genre and musical form originated by african americans in the deep south of the united states around the end of the 19th century . 
Bluegrass ::   bluegrass refers to several species of grasses of the genus " poa " ( with the most famous being the kentucky bluegrass ) the term has also been applied to various things that relate to the region in which the grass grows : 
Berlin ::   berlin ( , ) is the capital and the largest city of germany as well as one of its 16 constituent states . 
Beer ::   beer is the oldest and most widely consumed alcoholic drink in the world , and the third most popular drink overall after water and tea . 
Bit ::   the bit ( a portmanteau of binary digit ) is a basic unit of information used in computing and digital communications . 
Byte ::   the byte ( ) is a unit of digital information that most commonly consists of eight bits . 
Beryllium ::   beryllium is a chemical element with symbol be and atomic number 4 . 
Brazil ::   brazil (; ) , officially the federative republic of brazil ( , ) , is the largest country in both south america and latin america . 
Bible ::   the bible ( from koine greek τὰ βιβλία , " tà biblía " , " the books " ) is a collection of sacred texts or scriptures that jews and christians consider to be a product of divine inspiration and a record of the relationship between god and humans . 
Bridge ::   a bridge is a structure built to span physical obstacles without closing the way underneath such as a body of water , valley , or road , for the purpose of providing passage over the obstacle . 
Beadwork ::   beadwork is the art or craft of attaching beads to one another by stringing them with a sewing needle or beading needle and thread or thin wire , or sewing them to cloth . 
Bead ::   a bead is a small , decorative object that is formed in a variety of shapes and sizes of a material such as stone , bone , shell , glass , plastic , wood or pearl and with a small hole for threading or stringing . 
Branchiopoda ::   branchiopoda is a class of crustaceans . 
Being ::   being is an extremely broad concept encompassing objective and subjective features of reality and existence . 
Bird ::   birds ( aves ) are a group of endothermic vertebrates , characterised by feathers , toothless beaked jaws , the laying of hard - shelled eggs , a high metabolic rate , a four - chambered heart , and a strong yet lightweight skeleton . 
Bulgaria ::   bulgaria (; , ' ) , officially the republic of bulgaria ( , ' , ) , is a country in southeastern europe . 
Bryozoa ::   bryozoa ( also known as the polyzoa , ectoprocta or commonly as moss animals ) , are a phylum of aquatic invertebrate animals . 
Bromeliales ::   the bromeliales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants . 
Brassicales ::   the brassicales ( or cruciales ) are an order of flowering plants , belonging to the eurosids ii group of dicotyledons under the apg ii system . 
Bomber ::   a bomber is a combat aircraft designed to attack ground and naval targets by dropping air - to - ground weaponry ( such as bombs ) , firing torpedoes and bullets or deploying air - launched cruise missiles . 
Bursa ::   bursa is a large city in turkey , located in northwestern anatolia , within the marmara region . 
Bangladesh ::   bangladesh ( or ; , ,   " the country of bengal " ) , officially the people 's republic of bangladesh ( ) , is a country in south asia . 
Barbados ::   barbados ( or ) is an island country in the lesser antilles , in the caribbean region of north america . 
Belarus ::   belarus (; ; ; ) , officially the republic of belarus (; ) , formerly known by its russian name byelorussia or belorussia ( ) , is a landlocked country in eastern europe bordered by russia to the northeast , ukraine to the south , poland to the west , and lithuania and latvia to the northwest . 
Belize ::   belize ( ) , formerly british honduras , is an independent country on the eastern coast of central america . 
Benin ::   benin ( or - ; ; ) , officially the republic of benin ( ) and formerly dahomey , is a country in west africa . 
Bermuda ::   bermuda ( ) is a british overseas territory in the north atlantic ocean . 
Bolivia ::   bolivia (; ; ; ; ) , officially known as the plurinational state of bolivia ( ) , is a landlocked country located in western - central south america . 
Botswana ::   botswana ( ) , officially the republic of botswana ( ) , is a landlocked country located in southern africa . 
Brunei ::   brunei ( , ) , officially the nation of brunei , the abode of peace ( , jawi : ) , is a sovereign state located on the north coast of the island of borneo in southeast asia . 
Bosphorus ::   the bosphorus ( or ) or bosporus (; , " bósporos " , pronounced " vosporos " in modern greek ; , ) is a narrow , natural strait and an internationally significant waterway located in northwestern turkey . 
Brussels ::   brussels ( , ; , ) , officially the brussels - capital region ( , ) , is a region of belgium comprising 19 municipalities , including the city of brussels , which is the " de jure " capital of belgium . 
Brain ::   the brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals . 
Byzantium ::   byzantium or byzantion (; , " byzántion " ) was an ancient greek colony in early antiquity that later became constantinople , and later istanbul . 
Biotic ::   biotics describe living or once living components of a community ; for example organisms , such as plants and animals . 
Beacon ::   a beacon is an intentionally conspicuous device designed to attract attention to a specific location 
Bluetooth ::   bluetooth is a wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances ( using short - wavelength uhf radio waves in the ism band from 2.4 to 2.485   ghz ) from fixed and mobile devices , and building personal area networks ( pans ) . 
Britain ::   britain usually refers to : britain may also refer to : 
Boron ::   boron is a chemical element with symbol   b and atomic number   5 . 
Bromine ::   bromine is a chemical element with symbol br and atomic number 35 . 
Barium ::   barium is a chemical element with symbol   ba and atomic number   56 . 
Berkelium ::   berkelium is a transuranic radioactive chemical element with symbol   bk and atomic number 97 . 
Bauxite ::   bauxite , an aluminium ore , is the world 's main source of aluminium . 
Bavaria ::   bavaria ( ; ) , officially the free state of bavaria ( ) is a landlocked federal state of germany , occupying its southeastern corner . 
Brandenburg ::   brandenburg (; , lower sorbian : " bramborska " , ) is one of the sixteen federated states of germany . 
Bundestag ::   the bundestag ( , " federal diet " ) is a constitutional and legislative body at the federal level in germany . 
BMW ::   bmw is a germany - based company which currently produces automobiles and motorcycles , and produced aircraft engines until 1945 . 
Bornholm ::   bornholm (; ) is a danish island in the baltic sea , to the east of the rest of denmark , south of sweden , northeast of germany and north of the westernmost part of poland . 
Book ::   a book is a series of pages assembled for easy portability and reading , as well as the composition contained in it . 
Bitola ::   bitola ( known also by several alternative names ) is a city in the southwestern part of the republic of macedonia . 
Brassicaceae ::   brassicaceae or cruciferae is a medium - sized and economically important family of flowering plants commonly known as the mustards , the crucifers , or the cabbage family . 
Bauhaus ::   staatliches bauhaus ( ) , commonly known simply as bauhaus , was a german art school operational from 1919 to 1933 that combined crafts and the fine arts , and was famous for the approach to design that it publicised and taught . 
Beowulf ::   beowulf ( ) is an old english epic poem consisting of 3,182 alliterative lines . 
Banjo ::   the banjo is a four- , five- or six - stringed instrument with a thin membrane stretched over a frame or cavity as a resonator , called the head . 
Baseball ::   baseball is a bat - and - ball game played between two teams of nine players each , who take turns batting and fielding . 
Biostatistics ::   biostatistics is the application of statistics to a wide range of topics in biology . 
Basketball ::   basketball is a limited contact sport played on a rectangular court . 
Ball ::   a ball is a round object ( usually spherical but sometimes ovoid ) with various uses . 
Braille ::   braille (; ) is a tactile writing system used by people who are visually impaired . 
Bijection ::   in mathematics , a bijection , bijective function or one - to - one correspondence is a function between the elements of two sets , where each element of one set is paired with exactly one element of the other set , and each element of the other set is paired with exactly one element of the first set . 
Bagpipes ::   bagpipes are a wind instrument using enclosed reeds fed from a constant reservoir of air in the form of a bag . 
Biochemistry ::   biochemistry , sometimes called biological chemistry , is the study of chemical processes within and relating to living organisms . 
Badminton ::   badminton is a racquet sport played using racquets to hit a shuttlecock across a net . 
Baroque ::   the baroque ( or ) is a period of artistic style that used exaggerated motion and clear , easily interpreted detail to produce drama , tension , exuberance , and grandeur in sculpture , painting , architecture , literature , dance , theatre , and music . 
Bodhisattva ::   in buddhism , bodhisattva is the sanskrit term for anyone who , motivated by great compassion , has generated bodhicitta , which is a spontaneous wish and a compassionate mind to attain buddhahood for the benefit of all sentient beings . 
Bicycle ::   a bicycle , also called a cycle or bike , is a human - powered , pedal - driven , single - track vehicle , having two wheels attached to a frame , one behind the other . 
Biopolymer ::   biopolymers are polymers produced by living organisms ; in other words , they are polymeric biomolecules . 
Baptists ::   baptists are individuals who believe that a church consists of a gathered group of believers that subscribe to a doctrine that baptism should be performed only for professing believers ( believer 's baptism , as opposed to infant baptism ) , and that it must be done by complete immersion ( as opposed to affusion or sprinkling ) . 
Blackjack ::   blackjack , also known as twenty - one , is a comparing card game between usually several players and a dealer , where each player in turn competes against the dealer , but players do not play against each other . 
Bicarbonate ::   in inorganic chemistry , bicarbonate ( iupac - recommended nomenclature : hydrogencarbonate ) is an intermediate form in the deprotonation of carbonic acid . 
Boat ::   a boat is a watercraft of a large range of sizes designed to float , plane , work or travel on water . 
Blood ::   blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells . 
Bigfoot ::   bigfoot ( also known as sasquatch ) is a cryptid in american folklore , supposedly a simian - like creature that inhabits forests , especially those of the pacific northwest . 
BASIC ::   basic ( an acronym for beginner 's all - purpose symbolic instruction code ) is a family of general - purpose , high - level programming languages whose design philosophy emphasizes ease of use . 
Borland ::   borland software corporation is a software company that facilitates software deployment projects . 
Black ::   black is the darkest color , the result of the absence or complete absorption of visible light . 
Bede ::   bede ( ; ; 672/3 – 26 may 735 ) , also known as saint bede , venerable bede , and bede the venerable ( ) , was an english monk at the monastery of st. peter and its companion monastery of st. paul in the kingdom of northumbria of the angles ( contemporarily monkwearmouth – jarrow abbey in tyne and wear , england ) . 
BCPL ::   bcpl ( " basic combined programming language " ; or ' before c programming language ' ( common humorous backronym ) ) is a procedural , imperative , and structured computer programming language . 
Battleship ::   a battleship is a large armored warship with a main battery consisting of large caliber guns . 
Bifröst ::   in norse mythology , bifröst ( or sometimes bilröst or bivrost ) is a burning rainbow bridge that reaches between midgard ( earth ) and asgard , the realm of the gods . 
Battlecruiser ::   the battlecruiser , or battle cruiser , was a type of capital ship of the first half of the 20th century . 
Baldr ::   baldr ( also balder , baldur ) is a god in norse mythology , and a son of the god odin and the goddess frigg . 
Breidablik ::   in norse mythology , breiðablik ( " broad - gleaming " ) is the home of baldr . 
Bilskirnir ::   bilskirnir ( old norse " lightning - crack " ) is the hall of the god thor in norse mythology . 
Brísingamen ::   in norse mythology , brísingamen ( or brísinga men ) is the torc or necklace of the goddess freyja . 
Bragi ::   bragi is the skaldic god of poetry in norse mythology . 
BQP ::   in computational complexity theory , bqp ( bounded - error quantum polynomial time ) is the class of decision problems solvable by a quantum computer in polynomial time , with an error probability of at most 1/3 for all instances . 
Brainfuck ::   brainfuck is an esoteric programming language created in 1993 by urban müller , and notable for its extreme minimalism . 
Bishop :: 
Bordeaux ::   bordeaux (; gascon occitan : " ") is a port city on the garonne river in the gironde department in southwestern france . 
Bone ::   a bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton . 
Bretwalda ::   bretwalda ( also brytenwalda and bretenanwealda , sometimes capitalized ) is an old english word . 
Bioleaching ::   bioleaching is the extraction of metals from their ores through the use of living organisms . 
Bouldering ::   bouldering is a form of rock climbing that is performed on large boulders , small rock formations or artificial rock walls , without the use of ropes or harnesses . 
Bock ::   bock is a strong lager of german origin . 
Bus ::   a bus ( archaically also omnibus , multibus , motorbus , autobus ) is a road vehicle designed to carry many passengers . 
Bali ::   bali ( balinese : , indonesian : " pulau bali " , " provinsi bali " ) is an island and province of indonesia . 
Bipyramid :: 
Bronze ::   bronze is an alloy consisting primarily of copper , commonly with about 12% tin and often with the addition of other metals ( such as aluminium , manganese , nickel or zinc ) and sometimes non - metals or metalloids such as arsenic , phosphorus or silicon . 
Benelux ::   the benelux union (; ) is a politico - economic union of three neighbouring states in western europe : belgium , the netherlands , and luxembourg . 
Barge ::   a barge is a flat - bottomed boat , built mainly for river and canal transport of heavy goods . 
Battle ::   a battle is a combat in warfare between two or more armed forces , or combatants . 
Botany ::   botany , also called plant science(s ) , plant biology or phytology , is the science of plant life and a branch of biology . 
Bacteriophage ::   a bacteriophage , also known informally as a phage , is a virus that infects and replicates within a bacterium . 
Bactericide ::   a bactericide or bacteriocide , sometimes abbreviated bcidal , is a substance that kills bacteria . 
Bohrium ::   bohrium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol bh and atomic number 107 . 
Boötes ::   boötes is a constellation in the northern sky , located between 0° and + 60° declination , and 13 and 16 hours of right ascension on the celestial sphere . 
Bassoon ::   the bassoon is a woodwind instrument in the double reed family that typically plays music written in the bass and tenor clefs , and occasionally the treble . 
Bipedalism ::   bipedalism is a form of terrestrial locomotion where an organism moves by means of its two rear limbs or legs . 
Bootstrapping ::   in general , bootstrapping usually refers to a self - starting process that is supposed to proceed without external input . 
Bioinformatics ::   bioinformatics is an interdisciplinary field that develops methods and software tools for understanding biological data . 
Barter ::   barter is a system of exchange where goods or services are directly exchanged for other goods or services without using a medium of exchange , such as money . 
Boxing ::   boxing is a combat sport in which two people , usually wearing protective gloves , throw punches at each other for a predetermined set of time in a boxing ring . 
Bollywood ::   bollywood , formally known as hindi cinema , is the indian hindi language film industry , based in the city of mumbai ( formerly bombay ) , maharashtra , india . 
Bowls ::   bowls or lawn bowls is a sport in which the objective is to roll biased balls so that they stop close to a smaller ball called a " jack " or " kitty " . 
Barcelonnette ::   barcelonnette (; ) is a commune of france and a subprefecture in the department of alpes - de - haute - provence , in the provence - alpes - côte d'azur region . 
Burgundians ::   the burgundians (; ; ; ) were a large east germanic or vandal tribe , or group of tribes , who lived in the area of modern poland in the time of the roman empire . 
Beechcraft ::   beechcraft is a brand of textron aviation since 2014 . 
Bodhidharma ::   bodhidharma was a buddhist monk who lived during the 5th or 6th century . 
Baptism ::   baptism ( from the greek noun βάπτισμα " baptisma " ; see below ) is a christian sacrament of admission and adoption , almost invariably with the use of water , into the christian church generally . 
Bocce ::   the sport is also very popular on the eastern side of the adriatic , especially in croatia , montenegro and bosnia and herzegovina , where the sport is known in serbo - croatian as ' ( ' playing '' ) or ' ( colloquially also ' ) . 
Beatmatching ::   beatmatching or pitch cue is a disc jockey technique of pitch shifting or timestretching an upcoming track to match its tempo to that of the currently playing track , and to adjust them such that the beats ( and , usually , the bars ) are synchronised — i.e. , the kicks and snares in two house records hit at the same time when both records are played simultaneously . 
Beltane ::   beltane ( ) is the anglicised name for the gaelic may day festival . 
Bethlehem ::   bethlehem (; , " house of meat " ; " " , , " house of bread " ; ; ) is a palestinian city located in the central west bank , palestine , about south of jerusalem . 
Benjamin ::   benjamin was the last - born of jacob 's thirteen children ( 12 sons and 1 daughter ) , and the second and last son of rachel in jewish , christian and islamic tradition . 
Blackadder ::   blackadder is a series of four bbc1 period british sitcoms , along with several one - off instalments . 
Boii ::   the boii ( latin plural , singular " boius " ; ) were a gallic tribe of the later iron age , attested at various times in cisalpine gaul ( northern italy ) , pannonia ( hungary and its western neighbours ) , parts of bavaria , in and around bohemia ( after whom the region is named in most languages ; comprising the bulk of the czech republic ) , and gallia narbonensis . 
Backgammon ::   backgammon is one of the oldest board games known . 
Batman ::   batman is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by dc comics . 
Bastarnae ::   the bastarnae ( latin variants : " bastarni " , or " basternae " ; ) were an ancient people who between 200 bc and 300 ad inhabited the region between the carpathian mountains and the river dnieper , to the north and east of ancient dacia . 
Bavarian ::   bavarian is the adjective form of the german state of bavaria , and refers to people of ancestry from bavaria . 
Bohemia ::   bohemia (; ; ; ; ; ; ) is the westernmost and largest historical region of the czech lands in the present - day czech republic . 
Backplane ::   a backplane ( or " backplane system " ) is a group of electrical connectors in parallel with each other , so that each pin of each connector is linked to the same relative pin of all the other connectors , forming a computer bus . 
Baldric ::   a baldric ( also baldrick , bawdrick , bauldrick as well as other rare or obsolete variations ) is a belt worn over one shoulder that is typically used to carry a weapon ( usually a sword ) or other implement such as a bugle or drum . 
Boomerang ::   a boomerang is a tool , typically constructed as a flat airfoil that , when thrown , is designed to spin about an axis perpendicular to the direction of its flight . 
Bodybuilding ::   bodybuilding is the use of progressive resistance exercise to control and develop one 's musculature . 
Beagle ::   the beagle is a breed of small hound that is similar in appearance to the much larger foxhound . 
Bioterrorism ::   bioterrorism is terrorism involving the intentional release or dissemination of biological agents . 
Bitter :: 
Beaver ::   the beaver ( genus castor ) is a large , primarily nocturnal , semiaquatic rodent . " 
Bear ::   bears are carnivoran mammals of the family ursidae . 
Biathlon ::   the biathlon is a winter sport that combines cross - country skiing and rifle shooting . 
Brewing ::   brewing is the production of beer by steeping a starch source ( commonly cereal grains , the most popular of which is barley ) in water and fermenting the resulting sweet liquid with yeast . 
Beta-lactam ::   a beta - lactam ( β-lactam ) ring is a four - membered lactam . 
Beauty ::   beauty is a characteristic of an animal , idea , object , person or place that provides a perceptual experience of pleasure or satisfaction . 
Barcelona ::   barcelona ( , ) is the capital and largest city of catalonia ( an autonomous community of spain ) with a population of 1.6 million within city limits . 
Bandy ::   bandy is a team winter sport played on ice , in which skaters use sticks to direct a ball into the opposing team 's goal . 
Galjoen ::   the galjoen , black bream , or blackfish ( " dichistius capensis " ) is a species of marine fish found only along the coast of southern africa from angola to south africa . 
BIOS ::   for ibm pc compatible computers , bios ( ; an acronym for basic input / output system and also known as the system bios , rom bios or pc bios ) is non - volatile firmware used to perform hardware initialization during the booting process ( power - on startup ) , and to provide runtime services for operating systems and programs . 
Bakelite ::   bakelite ( , sometimes spelled baekelite ) , or polyoxybenzylmethylenglycolanhydride , is an early plastic . 
Bean ::   a bean is a seed of one of several genera of the flowering plant family fabaceae , which are used for human or animal food . 
Breast ::   the breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates . 
Baghdad ::   baghdad ( , ) is the capital of iraq . 
Bugatti ::   automobiles ettore bugatti was a french car manufacturer of high - performance automobiles , founded in 1909 in the then german city of molsheim , alsace by italian - born ettore bugatti . 
Biotechnology ::   biotechnology is the use of living systems and organisms to develop or make products , or " any technological application that uses biological systems , living organisms , or derivatives thereof , to make or modify products or processes for specific use " ( un convention on biological diversity , art . 
Bunyip ::   the bunyip is a large mythical creature from australian aboriginal mythology , said to lurk in swamps , billabongs , creeks , riverbeds , and waterholes . 
Brabant ::   brabant is a region in the low countries . 
Banshee ::   a banshee ( ; modern irish " bean sí " , from , , " woman of the fairy mound " or " fairy woman " ) is a female spirit in irish mythology who heralds the death of a family member , usually by shrieking or keening . 
Boudica ::   boudica or boudicca ( , latinised as boadicea or boudicea , and known in welsh as ) was a queen of the british celtic iceni tribe who led an uprising against the occupying forces of the roman empire in ad 60 or 61 , and died shortly after its failure . 
Borneo ::   borneo (; , ) is the third - largest island in the world and the largest in asia . 
Brick ::   a brick is building material used to make walls , pavements and other elements in masonry construction . 
Balts ::   the balts or baltic people ( , ) are an indo - european ethno - linguistic group who speak the baltic languages , a branch of the indo - european language family , which was originally spoken by tribes living in area east of jutland peninsula in the west and moscow , oka and volga rivers basins in the east . 
Blue ::   blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory , as well as in the rgb colour model . 
BDSM ::   bdsm is a variety of often erotic practices or roleplaying involving bondage , discipline , dominance and submission , sadomasochism , and other related interpersonal dynamics . 
Blizzard ::   a blizzard is a severe snowstorm characterized by strong sustained winds of at least and lasting for a prolonged period of time — typically three hours or more . 
Bikini ::   a bikini is usually a women 's abbreviated two - piece swimsuit with a bra top for the chest and underwear cut below the navel . 
Babur ::   babur (; 14 february 148326 december 1530 ) , born ẓahīr - ud - dīn muhammad ( ) , was a conqueror from central asia who , following a series of setbacks , finally succeeded in laying the base for the mughal dynasty in the indian subcontinent and became the first mughal emperor . 
Bishkek ::   bishkek ( , " bişkek " , بىشکەک ; ; ) , formerly pishpek and frunze , is the capital and largest city of kyrgyzstan ( kyrgyz republic ) . 
Braveheart ::   braveheart is a 1995 american epic war film directed by and starring mel gibson . 
Baku ::   baku ( , ; , ) is the capital and largest city of azerbaijan , as well as the largest city on the caspian sea and of the caucasus region . 
Balalaika ::   the balalaika ( , ) is a russian stringed musical instrument with a characteristic triangular wooden , hollow body and three strings . 
Blackbeard ::   edward teach or edward thatch ( – 22 november 1718 ) , better known as blackbeard , was an english pirate who operated around the west indies and the eastern coast of britain 's north american colonies . 
Bugzilla ::   bugzilla is a web - based general - purpose bugtracker and testing tool originally developed and used by the mozilla project , and licensed under the mozilla public license . 
Ballad ::   a ballad is a form of verse , often a narrative set to music . 
Bison ::   bison are large , even - toed ungulates in the genus " bison " within the subfamily bovinae . 
Baryon ::   a baryon is a composite subatomic particle made up of three quarks ( a triquark , as distinct from mesons , which are composed of one quark and one antiquark ) . 
Barnabas ::   barnabas ( english : b|ɑr|n|ə|b|ə|s ; greek : βαρνάβας ) , born joseph , was an early christian , one of the prominent christian disciples in jerusalem . 
Birka :: 
Beta-lactamase ::   beta - lactamases ( β-lactamases , also known as penicillinase ) are enzymes ( ) produced by bacteria , that provide multi - resistance to β-lactam antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins , cephamycins , and carbapenems ( ertapenem ) , although carbapenems are relatively resistant to beta - lactamase . 
Burgundian ::   burgundian can refer to any of the following : 
Bogie ::   a bogie ( ) ( in some senses called a truck in north american english ) is a chassis or framework carrying wheelsets , attached to a vehicle , thus serving as a modular subassembly of wheels and axles . 
Broch ::   a broch ( ) is an iron age drystone hollow - walled structure of a type found only in scotland . 
Blitzkrieg ::   blitzkrieg ( german , " lightning war " ) is a method of warfare whereby an attacking force , spearheaded by a dense concentration of armoured and motorised or mechanised infantry formations with close air support , breaks through the opponent 's line of defence by short , fast , powerful attacks and then dislocates the defenders , using speed and surprise to encircle them . 
Bee ::   bees are flying insects closely related to wasps and ants , known for their role in pollination and , in the case of the best - known bee species , the european honey bee , for producing honey and beeswax . 
Basques ::   the basques ( or ; ; ; ) are an indigenous ethnic group characterised by the basque language , a common culture and shared ancestry to the ancient vascones and aquitanians . 
Bookkeeping ::   bookkeeping is the recording of financial transactions , and is part of the process of accounting in business . 
B-tree ::   in computer science , a b - tree is a self - balancing tree data structure that keeps data sorted and allows searches , sequential access , insertions , and deletions in logarithmic time . 
Bankruptcy ::   bankruptcy is a legal status of a person or other entity that can not repay debts to creditors . 
Blissymbols ::   blissymbols or blissymbolics was conceived as an ideographic writing system called semantography consisting of several hundred basic symbols , each representing a concept , which can be composed together to generate new symbols that represent new concepts . 
Bohemian ::   a bohemian ( ) is a resident of bohemia , a region of the czech republic or the former kingdom of bohemia , a region of the former crown of bohemia ( lands of the bohemian crown ) . 
Bayonne ::   bayonne (; gascon : " baiona " ; ; ) is a city and commune and one of the two sub - prefectures of the department of pyrénées - atlantiques , in the nouvelle - aquitaine region of south - western france . 
Bacillus ::   bacillus is a genus of gram - positive , rod - shaped bacteria and a member of the phylum firmicutes . 
Brasília ::   brasília ( ) is the federal capital of brazil and seat of government of the federal district . 
Bakassi ::   bakassi is a peninsula on the gulf of guinea . 
Bestiary ::   a bestiary , or bestiarum vocabulum , is a compendium of beasts . originating in the ancient world 
Borzoi ::   the borzoi ( , literally " fast " ) , also called the russian wolfhound ( ) , is a breed of domestic dog ( " canis lupus familiaris " ) . 
Basenji ::   the basenji is a breed of hunting dog . 
Benzodiazepine ::   benzodiazepines ( bzd , bzs ) , sometimes called " benzos " , are a class of psychoactive drugs whose core chemical structure is the fusion of a benzene ring and a diazepine ring . 
BeOS ::   beos is an operating system for personal computers first developed by be inc. in 1991 . 
Biome ::   a biome is a community of plants and animals that have common characteristics for the environment they exist in . 
Behavior ::   behavior ( american english ) or behaviour ( commonwealth english ) is the range of actions and mannerisms made by individuals , organisms , systems , or artificial entities in conjunction with themselves or their environment , which includes the other systems or organisms around as well as the ( inanimate ) physical environment . 
Biosphere ::   the biosphere ( from greek βίος " bíos " " life " and σφαῖρα " sphaira " " sphere " ) also known as the ecosphere ( from greek οἶκος " oîkos " " environment " and σφαῖρα ) , is the worldwide sum of all ecosystems . 
BeBox ::   the bebox is a dual cpu personal computer , briefly sold by be inc. to run the company 's own operating system , beos . 
Balkans ::   the balkans , or the balkan peninsula , is a geographic area in eastern and southeastern europe with various and disputed borders . 
Badtrans ::   badtrans is a malicious microsoft windows computer worm distributed by e - mail . 
Barrister ::   a barrister ( also known as barrister - at - law or bar - at - law ) is a type of lawyer in common law jurisdictions . 
Budweiser ::   budweiser ( ) is an american - style pale lager produced by anheuser - busch , currently part of the multinational corporation anheuser - busch inbev . 
Borough ::   a borough is an administrative division in various english - speaking countries . 
Bodmin ::   bodmin ( ) is a civil parish and historic town in cornwall , england , united kingdom . 
Bolventor ::   bolventor ( ) is a hamlet on bodmin moor in cornwall , england , united kingdom . 
Bengal ::   bengal (; ) is a geopolitical , cultural and historical region in asia , which is located in the eastern part of the indian subcontinent at the apex of the bay of bengal . 
Bildungsroman :: 
Bachelor ::   a bachelor is a man who is socially regarded as able to marry , but has not yet . 
Bannock ::   bannock may mean : 
Banquo ::   lord banquo , the thane of lochaber , is a character in william shakespeare 's 1606 play " macbeth " . 
Bruin ::   bruin , dutch for " brown " , is used in english as a folk term for brown bears . 
Bamberg ::   bamberg ( ) is a town in upper franconia , germany , on the river regnitz close to its confluence with the river main . 
Beryl ::   beryl is a mineral composed of beryllium aluminium cyclosilicate with the chemical formula beal(sio ) . 
Basel ::   basel ( also basle or ; ; ; ) is a city in northwestern switzerland on the river rhine . 
BRP ::   brp can mean : 
Bacardi ::   bacardi limited ( ; ; ) is the largest privately held , family - owned spirits company in the world . 
Bolsheviks ::   the bolsheviks , originally also bolshevists or bolsheviki (; derived from большинство " bol'shinstvo " , " majority " , literally meaning " one of the majority " ) were a faction of the marxist russian social democratic labour party ( rsdlp ) which split apart from the menshevik faction at the second party congress in 1903 . 
Bagpuss ::   bagpuss is a british children 's television series , made by peter firmin and oliver postgate . 
Banacek ::   banacek ( pronounced " ban - a - check " ) is an american detective tv series starring george peppard that aired on the nbc network from 1972 to 1974 . 
Bokken ::   a bokken ( , " bok(u ) " , " wood " , and " ken " , " sword " ) ( or a " bokutō " , as they are instead called in japan ) is a japanese wooden sword used for training . 
Bovril ::   bovril is the trademarked name of a thick and salty meat extract paste similar to a yeast extract , developed in the 1870s by john lawson johnston . 
Boer ::   boer ( , or ; ) is the dutch and afrikaans word for " farmer " . 
Ballarat ::   ballarat is a city located on the yarrowee river in the central highlands of victoria , australia . 
Bain-marie ::   a bain - marie (; also known as a water bath or double boiler ) , a type of heated bath , is a piece of equipment used in science , industry , and cooking to heat materials gently and gradually to fixed temperatures , or to keep materials warm over a period of time . 
Barbagia ::   barbagia ( or ) is a mountain area of inner sardinia . 
Brabham ::   brabham is the common name for motor racing developments ltd. , a british racing car manufacturer and formula one racing team . 
Zebrafish ::   the zebrafish ( " danio rerio " ) is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the minnow family ( cyprinidae ) of the order cypriniformes . 
Bistability :: 
Inedia ::   inedia ( latin for " fasting " ) or breatharianism is the belief that it is possible for a person to live without consuming food . 
Belfast ::   belfast ( or ; ) is the capital and largest city of northern ireland , and the second largest on the island of ireland . 
Biotite ::   biotite is a common phyllosilicate mineral within the mica group , with the approximate chemical formula . 
Bentley ::   bentley motors limited ( ) is a british manufacturer and marketer of luxury cars and suvs — and a subsidiary of volkswagen ag since 1998 . 
Chordate ::   a chordate is an animal belonging to the phylum chordata ; they possess a notochord , a hollow dorsal nerve cord , pharyngeal slits , an endostyle , and a post - anal tail , for at least some period of their life cycle . 
Chess ::   chess is a two - player strategy board game played on a chessboard , a checkered gameboard with 64   squares arranged in an 8×8 grid . 
Country ::   a country is a region that is identified as a distinct national entity in political geography . 
Copenhagen ::   copenhagen ( ; ) is the capital and most populous city of denmark . 
Combinatorics ::   combinatorics is a branch of mathematics concerning the study of finite or countable discrete structures . 
Calculus ::   calculus ( from latin " calculus " , literally ' small pebble ' , used for counting and calculations , like on an abacus ) is the mathematical study of continuous change , in the same way that geometry is the study of shape and algebra is the study of generalizations of arithmetic operations . 
Communication ::   communication ( from latin " commūnicāre " , meaning " to share " ) is the act of conveying intended meanings from one entity or group to another through the use of mutually understood signs and semiotic rules . 
Classics ::   classics or classical studies is the study of classical antiquity . 
Chemistry ::   chemistry is the scientific discipline involved with compounds composed of atoms , i.e. elements , and molecules , i.e. combinations of atoms : their composition , structure , properties , behavior and the changes they undergo during a reaction with other compounds . 
Cytoplasm ::   in cell biology , the cytoplasm is the material within a living cell , excluding the cell nucleus . 
Christianity ::   christianity is an abrahamic monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of jesus christ , who is the focal point of the christian faith . 
Computing ::   computing is any goal - oriented activity requiring , benefiting from , or creating a mathematical sequence of steps known as an algorithm — e.g. through computers . 
Casino ::   a casino is a facility which houses and accommodates certain types of gambling activities . 
Carnivora ::   carnivora (; from latin " carō " ( stem " carn- " ) " flesh " and " vorāre " " to devour " ) is a diverse scrotiferan order that includes over 280 species of placental mammals . 
Colombia ::   colombia ( or ; ) , officially the republic of colombia ( ) , is a sovereign state largely situated in the northwest of south america , with territories in central america . 
Code ::   in communications and information processing , code is a system of rules to convert information — such as a letter , word , sound , image , or gesture — into another form or representation , sometimes shortened or secret , for communication through a channel or storage in a medium . 
Cheirogaleidae ::   the cheirogaleidae are the family of strepsirrhine primates containing the various dwarf and mouse lemurs . 
Callitrichidae ::   the callitrichidae ( also called arctopitheci or hapalidae ) are a family of new world monkeys , including marmosets , tamarins and lion tamarins . 
Cebidae ::   the cebidae are one of the five families of new world monkeys now recognised . 
Chondrichthyes ::   chondrichthyes (; from greek χονδρ- " chondr- " ' cartilage ' , ἰχθύς " ichthys " ' fish ' ) is a class that contains the cartilaginous fishes : they are jawed vertebrates with paired fins , paired nares , scales , a heart with its chambers in series , and skeletons made of cartilage rather than bone . 
Coast ::   a coastline or a seashore is the area where land meets the sea or ocean , or a line that forms the boundary between the land and the ocean or a lake . 
Catatonia ::   catatonia is a state of psychogenic motor immobility and behavioral abnormality manifested by stupor . 
Cipher ::   in cryptography , a cipher ( or cypher ) is an algorithm for performing encryption or decryption — a series of well - defined steps that can be followed as a procedure . 
Constitution ::   a constitution is a set of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organization is governed . 
Constellation ::   a constellation is a group of stars that are considered to form imaginary outlines or meaningful patterns on the celestial sphere , typically representing animals , mythological people or gods , mythological creatures , or manufactured devices . 
Copyright ::   copyright is a legal right created by the law of a country that grants the creator of an original work exclusive rights for its use and distribution . 
STS-51-F ::   sts-51-f ( also known as spacelab 2 ) was the nineteenth flight of nasa 's space shuttle program and the eighth flight of space shuttle " challenger " . 
Carbon ::   carbon ( from " coal " ) is a chemical element with symbol c and atomic number 6 . 
Combination ::   in mathematics , a combination is a selection of items from a collection , such that ( unlike permutations ) the order of selection does not matter . 
Software ::   computer software , or simply software , is a part of a computer system that consists of data or computer instructions , in contrast to the physical hardware from which the system is built . 
Charlemagne ::   charlemagne ( ) or charles the great ( 2 april 742 – 28 january 814 ) , numbered charles i , was king of the franks from 768 , king of the lombards from 774 and emperor of the romans from 800 . 
Czechoslovakia ::   czechoslovakia or czecho - slovakia (; czech and , " česko - slovensko " ) was a sovereign state in central europe that existed from october 1918 , when it declared its independence from the austro - hungarian empire , until its peaceful dissolution into the czech republic and slovakia on 1 january 1993 . 
Creationism ::   creationism is the religious belief that the universe and life originated " from specific acts of divine creation , " as opposed to the scientific conclusion that they came about through natural processes . 
Colloid ::   in chemistry , a colloid is a mixture in which one substance of microscopically dispersed insoluble particles is suspended throughout another substance . 
Chinese ::   chinese can refer to : 
Cooking ::   cooking or cookery is the art , technology and craft of preparing food for consumption with or without the use of heat . 
Cross-stitch ::   cross - stitch is a form of sewing and a popular form of counted - thread embroidery in which x - shaped stitches in a tiled , raster - like pattern are used to form a picture . 
Cambrian ::   the cambrian period ( or ) was the first geological period of the paleozoic era , of the phanerozoic eon . 
Concrete ::   concrete is a composite material composed of coarse aggregate bonded together with a fluid cement that hardens over time . 
Condom ::   a condom is a sheath - shaped barrier device used during sexual intercourse to reduce the probability of pregnancy or a sexually transmitted infection ( stis ) . 
Cladistics ::   cladistics ( from greek , " klados " , i.e. , " branch " ) is an approach to biological classification in which organisms are categorized based on shared derived characteristics that can be traced to a group 's most recent common ancestor and are not present in more distant ancestors . 
Calendar ::   a calendar is a system of organising days for social , religious , commercial or administrative purposes . 
Candela ::   the candela ( or ; symbol : cd ) is the base unit of luminous intensity in the international system of units ( si ) ; that is , luminous power per unit solid angle emitted by a point light source in a particular direction . 
City ::   a city is a large human settlement . 
Chervil ::   chervil (; anthriscus cerefolium ) , sometimes called garden chervil to distinguish it from similar plants also called chervil , or french parsley , is a delicate annual herb related to parsley . 
Chives ::   chives is the common name of allium schoenoprasum , an edible species of the " allium " genus . 
Colorado ::   colorado ( ) is a state in the united states encompassing most of the southern rocky mountains as well as the northeastern portion of the colorado plateau and the western edge of the great plains . 
Carboniferous ::   the carboniferous is a geologic period and system that spans 60 million years from the end of the devonian period million years ago ( mya ) , to the beginning of the permian period , mya . 
Comoros ::   the comoros (; , ' ) , officially the union of the comoros ( comorian : " udzima wa komori , " , ' ) , is a sovereign archipelago island nation in the indian ocean located at the northern end of the mozambique channel off the eastern coast of africa between northeastern mozambique and northwestern madagascar . 
China ::   china , officially the people 's republic of china ( prc ) , is a unitary sovereign state in east asia and the world 's most populous country , with a population of around   billion . 
California ::   california ( , ) is a state in the pacific region of the united states . 
Commelinales ::   commelinales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants . 
Cyperales ::   cyperales is a name for an order of flowering plants . 
Cucurbitales ::   the cucurbitales are an order of flowering plants , included in the rosid group of dicotyledons . 
Crokinole ::   crokinole ( ) is a dexterity board game similar in various ways to pitchnut , carrom , marbles , and shove ha'penny , with elements of shuffleboard and curling reduced to table - top size . 
Capitalism ::   capitalism is an economic system and an ideology based on private ownership of the means of production and their operation for profit . 
Cardiology ::   cardiology ( from greek " kardiā " , " heart " and " -logia " , " study " ) is a branch of medicine dealing with disorders of the heart as well as parts of the circulatory system . 
Capcom ::   , or capcom , is a japanese video game developer and publisher known for creating multi - million - selling franchises such as " mega man " , " street fighter " , " resident evil " , " devil may cry " , " ace attorney " , and " monster hunter " as well as games based on the disney animated properties . 
Capricornus ::   capricornus is one of the constellations of the zodiac . 
Cameroon ::   cameroon (; ) , officially the republic of cameroon ( ) , is a country in central africa . 
Chad ::   chad (; ' ; ) , officially the republic of chad ( ' ; " republic of the chad " ) , is a landlocked country in central africa . 
Chile ::   chile (; ) , officially the republic of chile ( ) , is a south american country occupying a long , narrow strip of land between the andes to the east and the pacific ocean to the west . 
Croatia ::   croatia ( ; ) , officially the republic of croatia ( , ) , is a country in central and southern europe , on the adriatic sea . 
Cyprus ::   cyprus , officially the republic of cyprus , is an island country in the eastern mediterranean and the third largest and third most populous island in the mediterranean . 
Cretaceous ::   the cretaceous ( , ) is a geologic period and system that spans 79 million years from the end of the jurassic period million years ago ( mya ) to the beginning of the paleogene period mya . 
Canal ::   canals and navigations are human - made channels for water conveyance ( supply ) , or to service water transport vehicles . 
Chemist ::   a chemist ( from greek chēm ( ía ) alchemy + -ist ; replacing chymist from medieval latin alchimista ) is a scientist trained in the study of chemistry . 
Combustion ::   combustion or burning is a high - temperature exothermic redox chemical reaction between a fuel ( the reductant ) and an oxidant , usually atmospheric oxygen , that produces oxidized , often gaseous products , in a mixture termed as smoke . 
Consonant ::   in articulatory phonetics , a consonant is a speech sound that is articulated with complete or partial closure of the vocal tract . 
Constantinople ::   constantinople (; ; ) was the capital city of the roman / byzantine ( 330–1204 and 1261–1453 ) , and also of the brief latin ( 1204–1261 ) , and the later ottoman ( 1453–1923 ) empires . 
Columbus ::   columbus is a latinized version of the italian surname " " colombo " " . 
Cornwall ::   cornwall ( , ) is a county in south west england in the united kingdom . 
Centime ::   centime ( from ) is french for " cent " , and is used in english as the name of the fraction currency in several francophone countries ( including switzerland , algeria , belgium , morocco and france ) . 
Consciousness ::   consciousness is the state or quality of awareness , or , of being aware of an external object or something within oneself . 
Currency ::   a currency ( from , " in circulation " , from ) in the most specific use of the word refers to money in any form when in actual use or circulation as a medium of exchange , especially circulating banknotes and coins . 
Chlorine ::   chlorine is a chemical element with symbol cl and atomic number 17 . 
Calcium ::   calcium is a chemical element with symbol ca and atomic number 20 . 
Chromium ::   chromium is a chemical element with symbol cr and atomic number 24 . 
Cymbal ::   a cymbal is a common percussion instrument . 
Cadmium ::   cadmium is a chemical element with symbol cd and atomic number 48 . 
Curium ::   curium is a transuranic radioactive chemical element with symbol cm and atomic number 96 . 
Californium ::   californium is a radioactive chemical element with symbol cf and atomic number   98 . 
College ::   a college ( latin : " collegium " ) is an educational institution or a constituent part of one . 
Codex ::   a codex ( ) ( from the latin " caudex " for " trunk of a tree " or " block of wood " , " book " ) , plural " codices " ( ) , is a book constructed of a number of sheets of paper , vellum , papyrus , or similar materials . 
Calf ::   a calf ( plural , calves ) is the young of domestic cattle . 
Community ::   a community is a small or large social unit ( a group of living things ) who have something in common , such as norms , religion , values , or identity . 
Cross-dressing ::   cross - dressing is the act of wearing items of clothing and other accoutrements commonly associated with the opposite sex within a particular society . 
Cyberpunk ::   cyberpunk is a subgenre of science fiction in a future setting that tends to focus on " a combination of low life and high tech " featuring advanced technological and scientific achievements , such as artificial intelligence and cybernetics , juxtaposed with a degree of breakdown or radical change in the social order . 
Collectivism ::   collectivism is the moral stance , political philosophy , ideology , or social outlook that emphasizes the group and its interests . 
Nepeta ::   nepeta is a genus of flowering plants in the family lamiaceae also known as catmints . 
Cryptanalysis ::   cryptanalysis ( from the greek " kryptós " , " hidden " , and " analýein " , " to loosen " or " to untie " ) is the study of analyzing information systems in order to study the hidden aspects of the systems . 
Chicano ::   chicano or chicana ( also spelled xicano or xicana ) is a chosen identity of some mexican americans in the united states . 
Coma ::   coma is a state of unconsciousness in which a person can not be awakened ; fails to respond normally to painful stimuli , light , or sound ; lacks a normal wake - sleep cycle ; and does not initiate voluntary actions . 
Consequentialism ::   consequentialism is the class of normative ethical theories holding that the consequences of one 's conduct are the ultimate basis for any judgment about the rightness or wrongness of that conduct . 
Conscription ::   conscription , or drafting , is the compulsory enlistment of people in a national service , most often a military service . 
Cervix ::   the cervix or cervix uteri ( " " ) is the lower part of the uterus in the human female reproductive system . 
Compiler ::   a compiler is computer software that transforms computer code written in one programming language ( the source language ) into another computer language ( the target language ) . 
Castrato ::   a castrato ( italian , plural : " castrati " ) is a type of classical male singing voice equivalent to that of a soprano , mezzo - soprano , or contralto . 
Çatalhöyük ::   çatalhöyük (; also " çatal höyük " and " çatal hüyük " ; from turkish " çatal " " fork " + " höyük " " mound " ) was a very large neolithic and chalcolithic proto - city settlement in southern anatolia , which existed from approximately 7500 bc to 5700 bc , and flourished around 7000 bc . 
Catullus ::   gaius valerius catullus ( , (; c. 84 – 54 ? 
Caving ::   caving – also traditionally known as spelunking in the united states and canada and potholing in the united kingdom and ireland – is the recreational pastime of exploring wild ( generally non - commercial ) cave systems . 
Cave ::   a cave is a hollow place in the ground , specifically a natural underground space large enough for a human to enter . 
Crime ::   in ordinary language , a crime is an unlawful act punishable by a state or other authority . 
Celebrity ::   celebrity refers to the fame and public attention accorded by the mass media to individuals or groups or , occasionally , animals , but is usually applied to the persons or groups of people ( celebrity couples , families , etc . ) themselves who receive such a status of fame and attention . 
Cenozoic ::   the cenozoic era (; also cænozoic , caenozoic or cainozoic ; meaning " new life " , from greek " kainós " " new " , and " zōḗ " " life " ) is the current and most recent of the three phanerozoic geological eras , following the mesozoic era and covering the period from 66 million years ago to the present day . 
Confucianism ::   confucianism , also known as ruism , is described as tradition , a philosophy , a religion , a humanistic or rationalistic religion , a way of governing , or simply a way of life . 
Confucius ::   confucius (; september 28 , 551 bc – 479 bc ) was a chinese teacher , editor , politician , and philosopher of the spring and autumn period of chinese history . 
Cryptozoology ::   cryptozoology is a pseudoscience that aims to prove the existence of entities from the folklore record , such as bigfoot or chupacabras , as well as animals otherwise considered extinct , such as dinosaurs . 
Climbing ::   climbing is the activity of using one 's hands , feet , or any other part of the body to ascend a steep object . 
Bradycardia ::   bradycardia is a condition wherein an individual has a slow heart rate , typically defined as a heart rate of under 60 beats per minute ( bpm ) in adults . 
Caesium ::   caesium or cesium is a chemical element with symbol   cs and atomic number   55 . 
Century ::   a century ( from the latin " centum " , meaning " one hundred " ; abbreviated c. ) is a period of 100 years . 
Cardiff ::   cardiff (; ) is the capital and largest city in wales and the eleventh - largest city in the united kingdom . 
Carabiner ::   a carabiner ( ) or karabiner is a specialized type of shackle , a metal loop with a spring - loaded gate used to quickly and reversibly connect components , most notably in safety - critical systems . 
Chalcogen ::   the chalcogens ( ) are the chemical elements in group 16 of the periodic table . 
Cheers ::   cheers is an american sitcom that ran on nbc from september 30 , 1982 , to may 20 , 1993 , with a total of 275 half - hour episodes spanning over eleven seasons . 
Counterpoint ::   in music , counterpoint is the relationship between voices that are harmonically interdependent ( polyphony ) yet independent in rhythm and contour . 
Cyanide ::   a cyanide is a chemical compound that contains the group c≡n. this group , known as the cyano group , consists of a carbon atom triple - bonded to a nitrogen atom . 
Carbonate ::   in chemistry , a carbonate is a salt of carbonic acid ( hco ) , characterized by the presence of the carbonate ion , a polyatomic ion with the formula of . 
Catalysis ::   catalysis ( ) is the increase in the rate of a chemical reaction due to the participation of an additional substance called a catalyst ( ) , which is not consumed in the catalyzed reaction and can continue to act repeatedly . 
Circumference ::   the circumference ( from latin " circumferentia " , meaning " carrying around " ) of a closed curve or circular object is the linear distance around its edge . 
Color ::   color ( american english ) or colour ( commonwealth english ) is the characteristic of human visual perception described through color " categories " , with names such as red , blue , yellow , green , orange , or purple . 
Computation ::   computation is any type of calculation that includes both arithmetical and non - arithmetical steps and follows a well - defined model understood and described as , for example , an algorithm . 
Clown ::   clowns are comic performers who employ slapstick or similar types of physical comedy , often in a mime style . 
Coffea ::   coffea is a genus of flowering plants whose seeds , called coffee beans , are used to make various coffee beverages and products . 
Cycling ::   cycling , also called bicycling or biking , is the use of bicycles for transport , recreation , exercise or sport . 
Carbohydrate ::   a carbohydrate is a biological molecule consisting of carbon ( c ) , hydrogen ( h ) and oxygen ( o ) atoms , usually with a hydrogen – oxygen atom ratio of 2:1 ( as in water ) ; in other words , with the empirical formula ( where " m " could be different from " n " ) . 
Casuistry ::   casuistry ( ) is a method in applied ethics and jurisprudence , often characterised as a critique of principle- or rule - based reasoning . 
Cleveland ::   cleveland ( ) is a city in the u.s. state of ohio and the county seat of cuyahoga county , the state 's second most populous county . 
Circe ::   circe (; ( " kírkē " ) is a goddess of magic or sometimes a nymph , witch , enchantress or sorceress in greek mythology . 
Comet ::   a comet is an icy small solar system body that , when passing close to the sun , warms and begins to release gases , a process called outgassing . 
Compost ::   compost ( or ) is organic matter that has been decomposed and recycled as a fertilizer and soil amendment . 
Capitol ::   a capitol is a building in which a legislature meets , including : capitol or the capitol may also refer to : 
Corundum ::   corundum is a crystalline form of aluminium oxide ( ) typically containing traces of iron , titanium , vanadium and chromium . 
Capoeira ::   capoeira ( ) is an afro - brazilian martial art that combines elements of dance , acrobatics and music . 
Coal ::   coal is a combustible black or brownish - black sedimentary rock usually occurring in rock strata in layers or veins called coal beds or coal seams . 
Climate ::   climate is the statistics of weather over long periods of time . 
Crystal ::   a crystal or crystalline solid is a solid material whose constituents ( such as atoms , molecules , or ions ) are arranged in a highly ordered microscopic structure , forming a crystal lattice that extends in all directions . 
Cytosine ::   cytosine (; c ) is one of the four main bases found in dna and rna , along with adenine , guanine , and thymine ( uracil in rna ) . 
Cytology ::   cytology ( from greek , " kytos " , " a hollow " ; and , " -logia " ) is the study of cells . 
Calvinism ::   calvinism ( also called the reformed tradition , reformed christianity , reformed protestantism , or the reformed faith ) is a major branch of protestantism that follows the theological tradition and forms of christian practice of john calvin and other reformation - era theologians . 
Celibacy ::   celibacy ( from latin , " cælibatus " " ) is the state of voluntarily being unmarried , sexually abstinent , or both , usually for religious reasons . 
Clodius ::   clodius is an alternate form of the roman " nomen " claudius , a patrician " gens " that was traditionally regarded as sabine in origin . 
Cicero ::   marcus tullius cicero (; ; 3   january 106   bc   – 7   december 43   bc ) was a roman politician and lawyer , who served as consul in the year 63 bc . 
Consul ::   consul ( abbrev . " cos . " ; latin plural " consules " ) was the title of one of the chief magistrates of the roman republic , and subsequently a somewhat significant title under the roman empire . 
Commodores ::   commodores are an american funk / soul band , which was at its peak in the late 1970s through the mid 1980s . 
Collagen ::   collagen is the main structural protein in the extracellular space in the various connective tissues in animal bodies . 
Craps ::   craps is a dice game in which the players make wagers on the outcome of the roll , or a series of rolls , of a pair of dice . 
Chechnya ::   the chechen republic (; ; , " noxçiyn respublika " ) , commonly referred to as chechnya (; ; , " noxçiyçö " ) , is a federal subject ( a republic ) of russia . 
Canonization ::   canonization is the act by which a christian church declares that a person who has died was a saint , upon which declaration the person is included in the " canon " , or list , of recognized saints . 
Chernobyl ::   chernobyl or chornobyl (; ; ; ) is a city in the restricted chernobyl exclusion zone situated in the ivankiv raion of northern kiev oblast , near ukraine 's border with belarus . 
Cyan ::   cyan ( or ) is a greenish - blue color . 
Cream ::   cream is a dairy product composed of the higher - butterfat layer skimmed from the top of milk before homogenization . 
Context-sensitive ::   context - sensitive is an adjective meaning " depending on context " or " depending on circumstances " . 
Charybdis ::   charybdis (; ancient greek : χάρυβδις , , " kharybdis " ) was a sea monster , later rationalized as a whirlpool and considered a shipping hazard in the strait of messina . 
Conjecture ::   in mathematics , a conjecture is a conclusion or proposition based on incomplete information , for which no proof has been found . 
Claudius ::   claudius (; ; 1 august 10 bc – 13 october 54 ad ) was roman emperor from 41 to 54 . 
Cardinal ::   a cardinal is an official in the catholic or anglican church , specifically : cardinal or the cardinal may also refer to : 
Cardinality ::   in mathematics , the cardinality of a set is a measure of the " number of elements of the set " . 
Co-NP ::   in computational complexity theory , co - np is a complexity class . 
Cologne ::   cologne (; , , ) is the largest city in the german federal state of north rhine - westphalia and the fourth populated city in germany ( after berlin , hamburg , and munich ) . 
CITES ::   cites ( the convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora , also known as the washington convention ) is a multilateral treaty to protect endangered plants and animals . 
Circle ::   a circle is a simple closed shape . 
Christmas ::   christmas is an annual festival commemorating the birth of jesus christ , observed most commonly on december 25 as a religious and cultural celebration among billions of people around the world . 
Civilization ::   a civilization ( uk and us ) or civilisation ( uk variant ) is any complex society characterized by urban development , social stratification imposed by a cultural elite , symbolic systems of communication ( for example , writing systems ) , and a perceived separation from and domination over the natural environment . 
Ceres ::   ceres most commonly refers to : ceres may also refer to : 
Charleston ::   charleston most commonly refers to : charleston may also refer to : in australia : in canada : in new zealand : in the united kingdom : in the united states : 
Cuboctahedron ::   in geometry , a cuboctahedron is a polyhedron with 8 triangular faces and 6 square faces . 
Cube ::   in geometry , a cube is a three - dimensional solid object bounded by six square faces , facets or sides , with three meeting at each vertex . 
Cambridgeshire ::   cambridgeshire ( or ; abbreviated cambs . ) , is an east anglian county in england , bordering lincolnshire to the north , norfolk to the north - east , suffolk to the east , essex and hertfordshire to the south , and bedfordshire and northamptonshire to the west . 
Cairo ::   cairo ( ; ' , , ' ) is the capital and largest city of egypt . 
Cupola ::   in architecture , a cupola is a relatively small , most often dome - like , tall structure on top of a building . 
Chupacabra ::   the chupacabra or chupacabras ( , literally " goat - sucker " ; from " chupar " , " to suck " , and " cabra " , " goat " ) is a legendary creature in the folklore of parts of the americas , with its first purported sightings reported in puerto rico . 
Cognate ::   in linguistics , cognates are words that have a common etymological origin . 
Chromatography ::   chromatography is a laboratory technique for the separation of a mixture . 
Cucurbitaceae ::   the cucurbitaceae , also called cucurbits and the gourd family , are a plant family consisting of about 965 species in around 95 genera , the most important of which are : the plants in this family are grown around the tropics and in temperate areas , where those with edible fruits were among the earliest cultivated plants both in the old and new worlds . 
Capsid ::   a capsid is the protein shell of a virus . 
Chloramphenicol ::   chloramphenicol is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections . 
Cretinism ::   cretinism is a condition of severely stunted physical and mental growth owing to untreated congenital deficiency of thyroid hormone ( congenital hypothyroidism ) usually owing to maternal hypothyroidism . 
Chloroplast ::   chloroplasts are organelles , specialized compartments , in plant and algal cells . 
Crux ::   crux is a constellation located in the southern sky in a bright portion of the milky way . 
Cetus ::   cetus ( ) is a constellation . 
Camelopardalis ::   camelopardalis or the giraffe constellation is a large , faint grouping of stars in the northern sky . 
Centaurus ::   centaurus is a bright constellation in the southern sky . 
Calorie ::   a calorie is a unit of energy . 
Corcovado ::   corcovado ( ) , meaning " hunchback " in portuguese , is a mountain in central rio de janeiro , brazil . 
Caelum ::   caelum is a faint constellation in the southern sky , introduced in the 1750s by nicolas louis de lacaille and counted among the 88 modern constellations . 
Clarinet ::   the clarinet is a musical - instrument family belonging to the group known as the woodwind instruments . 
Chojnów ::   chojnów ( ) is a small town in legnica county , lower silesian voivodeship , in south - western poland . 
Chamaeleon ::   chamaeleon ( ) is a small constellation in the southern sky . 
Cholesterol ::   cholesterol , from the ancient greek " chole- " ( bile ) and " stereos " ( solid ) followed by the chemical suffix " -ol " for an alcohol , is an organic molecule . 
Chromosome ::   a chromosome ( from ancient greek : χρωμόσωμα , " chromosoma , chroma " means color , " soma " means body ) is a dna molecule with part or all of the genetic material ( genome ) of an organism . chromosomes are normally visible under a light microscope only when the cell is undergoing the metaphase of cell division . 
Ceuta ::   ceuta ( assimilated pronunciation , also ; ; arabic : سبتة , " sabtah " ) is an spanish autonomous city on the north coast of africa , separated by 14 kilometers from cadiz province on the spanish mainland by the strait of gibraltar and sharing a 6.4 kilometer land border with m'diq - fnideq prefecture in the kingdom of morocco . 
Carcinogen ::   a carcinogen is any substance , radionuclide , or radiation that promotes carcinogenesis , the formation of cancer . 
Camouflage ::   camouflage is the use of any combination of materials , coloration , or illumination for concealment , either by making animals or objects hard to see ( crypsis ) , or by disguising them as something else ( mimesis ) . 
Clock ::   a clock is an instrument to measure , keep , and indicate time . 
Ceramic ::   a ceramic is an inorganic , non - metallic , solid material comprising metal , non - metal or metalloid atoms primarily held in ionic and covalent bonds . 
Connecticut ::   connecticut ( ) is the southernmost state in the new england region of the northeastern united states . 
Columbanus ::   columbanus ( , 543 – 21 november 615 ) , also known as st. columban , was an irish missionary notable for founding a number of monasteries from around 590 in the frankish and lombard kingdoms , most notably luxeuil abbey in present - day france and bobbio abbey in present - day italy . 
Chlorophyceae ::   the chlorophyceae are one of the classes of green algae , distinguished mainly on the basis of ultrastructural morphology . 
Cyril ::   cyril ( also cyrillus or cyryl ) is a masculine given name . 
Coercion ::   coercion is the practice of forcing another party to act in an involuntary manner by use of intimidation or threats or some other form of pressure or force . 
Clutch ::   a clutch is a mechanical device which engages and disengages power transmission especially from driving shaft to driven shaft . 
Cassandra ::   cassandra or kassandra ( ancient greek : κασσάνδρα , , also ) , also known as alexandra , was a daughter of king priam and of queen hecuba of troy in greek mythology . 
Couplet ::   a couplet is a pair of successive lines of metre in poetry . 
Celery ::   celery ( " apium graveolens " ) is a marshland plant in the family apiaceae that has been cultivated as a vegetable since antiquity . 
Celestines ::   the celestines were a roman catholic monastic order , a branch of the benedictines , founded in 1244 . 
Cessna ::   the cessna aircraft company is an american general aviation aircraft manufacturing corporation headquartered in wichita , kansas . 
Carnivore ::   a carnivore , meaning " meat eater " ( latin , " carne " meaning " meat " or " flesh " and " vorare " meaning " to devour " ) , is an organism that derives its energy and nutrient requirements from a diet consisting mainly or exclusively of animal tissue , whether through predation or scavenging . 
Celts ::   the celts ( or , see pronunciation of " celt " for different usages ) were an indo - european people in iron age and medieval europe who spoke celtic languages and had cultural similarities , although the relationship between ethnic , linguistic and cultural factors in the celtic world remains uncertain and controversial . 
Conectiva ::   conectiva was a company founded on august 28 , 1995 , in curitiba , paraná , brazil , by a group of friends , among them arnaldo carvalho de melo , who was a pioneer in the distribution of linux and open source software in brazilian portuguese , spanish and english for all of latin america . 
Carthage ::   carthage ( , from ; ( " new city " ) was the centre or capital city of the ancient carthaginian civilization , on the eastern side of the lake of tunis in what is now the tunis governorate in tunisia . 
Cello ::   the cello ( ; plural cellos or celli ) or violoncello ( ; ) is a bowed , and sometimes plucked , string instrument with four strings tuned in perfect fifths . 
Columba ::   saint columba ( , ' church dove ' ; ; ; 7 december 521 – 9 june 597 ) was an irish abbot and missionary credited with spreading christianity in what is today scotland at the start of the hiberno - scottish mission . 
Cimbri ::   the cimbri were a germanic people who , together with the teutones and the ambrones , fought the roman republic between 113 and 101 bc . 
Carbine ::   a carbine ( or ) , from french " carabine " , is a long gun firearm but with a shorter barrel than a rifle or musket . 
COINTELPRO ::   cointelpro ( a portmanteau derived from counter intelligence program ) was a series of covert , and often illegal , projects conducted by the united states federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) aimed at surveilling , infiltrating , discrediting , and disrupting american political organizations . 
Crete ::   crete ( , " " ; ancient greek : , " krḗtē " ) is the largest and most populous of the greek islands , 88th - largest island in the world and the fifth - largest island in the mediterranean sea , after sicily , sardinia , cyprus , and corsica . 
Cyclades ::   the cyclades (; ) are an island group in the aegean sea , southeast of mainland greece and a former administrative prefecture of greece . 
Curry ::   curry ( , plural curries ) is an umbrella term referring to a number of dishes originating in the cuisine of the indian subcontinent . 
Camel ::   a camel is an even - toed ungulate in the genus camelus , bearing distinctive fatty deposits known as " humps " on its back . 
Chaldea ::   chaldea ( ) or chaldaea was a semitic - speaking nation which existed between the late 10th or early 9th and mid-6th centuries bc , after which it and its people were absorbed and assimilated into babylonia . 
Currying ::   in mathematics and computer science , currying is the technique of translating the evaluation of a function that takes multiple arguments ( or a tuple of arguments ) into evaluating a sequence of functions , each with a single argument . 
Cyrus ::   cyrus is the given name of a number of persian kings . 
Chaosium ::   chaosium inc. is one of the oldest publishers of role - playing games still in existence . 
Yangtze ::   the yangtze ( or ) , which is 6380 km long , is the longest river in asia and the third - longest in the world . 
Cnidaria ::   cnidaria ( ) is a phylum containing over 10,000 species of animals found exclusively in aquatic ( freshwater and marine ) environments : they are predominantly marine species . 
Candide ::   candide , ou l'optimisme , (; french : ) is a french satire first published in 1759 by voltaire , a philosopher of the age of enlightenment . 
Croquet ::   croquet is a sport that involves hitting plastic or wooden balls with a mallet through hoops ( often called " wickets " in the united states ) embedded in a grass playing court . 
Curling ::   curling is a sport in which players slide stones on a sheet of ice towards a target area which is segmented into four concentric circles . 
Coldcut ::   coldcut are an english electronic music duo composed of matt black and jonathan more 
Cuisine ::   a cuisine is a style of cooking characterized by distinctive ingredients , techniques and dishes , and usually associated with a specific culture or geographic region . 
Codec ::   a codec is a device or computer program for encoding or decoding a digital data stream or signal . 
CPAN ::   the comprehensive perl archive network ( cpan ) is a repository of over 250,000 software modules and accompanying documentation for 39,000 distributions , written in the perl programming language by over 12,000 contributors . 
Cement ::   a cement is a binder , a substance used in construction that sets , hardens and adheres to other materials , binding them together . 
Conservatism ::   conservatism is a political and social philosophy that promotes retaining traditional social institutions in the context of culture and civilization . 
Cat ::   the domestic cat ( " felis silvestris catus " or " felis catus " ) is a small , typically furry , carnivorous mammal . 
Clade ::   a clade ( from , " klados " , " branch " ) is a group of organisms that consists of a common ancestor and all its lineal descendants , and represents a single " branch " on the " tree of life " . 
Coca-Cola ::   coca - cola , or coke , is a carbonated soft drink produced by the coca - cola company . 
Cofinality ::   in mathematics , especially in order theory , the cofinality cf("a " ) of a partially ordered set " a " is the least of the cardinalities of the cofinal subsets of " a " . 
Citadel ::   a citadel is the core fortified area of a town or city . 
Cerberus ::   in greek mythology , cerberus (; " kerberos " ) 
Cereal ::   a cereal is any grass cultivated for the edible components of its grain ( botanically , a type of fruit called a caryopsis ) , composed of the endosperm , germ , and bran . 
Christendom ::   christendom has several meanings . 
Coyote ::   the coyote " canis latrans " ; from nahuatl ) is a canine native to north america . 
Canidae ::   the biological family canidae the cat - like feliforms and dog - like caniforms emerged within the carnivoramorpha 43 million years before present . 
Couscous ::   couscous ( " " ; ) is a maghrebi dish of small ( about 3 mm diameter ) steamed balls of crushed durum wheat semolina , usually served with a stew spooned on top . 
Constans ::   constans (; c. 323 – 350 ) or constans i was roman emperor from 337 to 350 . 
Cheerleading ::   cheerleading ranges from chanting , to intense physical activity for sports team motivation , audience entertainment , or competition based upon organized routines . 
Cheka ::   cheka ( ) was the initialism for the first of a succession of soviet secret police organizations . 
Clitic ::   a clitic ( from greek κλιτικός " klitikos " , " inflexional " ) is a morpheme in morphology and syntax that has syntactic characteristics of a word , but depends phonologically on another word or phrase . 
Cryonics ::   cryonics ( from greek κρύος " kryos " meaning ' cold ' ) is the low - temperature preservation ( usually at −196°c ) of people who can not be sustained by contemporary medicine , with the hope that resuscitation and restoration to full health may be possible in the far future . 
Cistron ::   a cistron is an alternative term to a gene . 
Commonwealth ::   commonwealth is a traditional english term for a political community founded for the common good . 
Ciprofloxacin ::   ciprofloxacin is an antibiotic used to treat a number of bacterial infections . 
Consubstantiation ::   consubstantiation is a theological doctrine that ( like transubstantiation ) describes the nature of the christian eucharist in concrete metaphysical terms . 
Chlorophyta ::   chlorophyta is a division of green algae , informally called chlorophytes . 
Capybara ::   the capybara ( " hydrochoerus hydrochaeris " ) is the largest living rodent in the world . 
CD-R ::   cd - r ( compact disc - recordable ) is a digital optical disc storage format . 
Cytosol ::   the cytosol or cytoplasmic matrix is the liquid found inside cells . 
Citizenship ::   citizenship is the status of a person recognized under the custom or law as being a legal member of a sovereign state or part of a nation . 
Chiapas ::   chiapas ( ) , officially the free and sovereign state of chiapas ( ) , is one of the 31 states that with mexico city make up the 32 federal entities of mexico . 
COBOL ::   cobol ( , an acronym for " common business - oriented language " ) is a compiled english - like computer programming language designed for business use . 
Crew ::   a crew is a body or a class of people who work at a common activity , generally in a structured or hierarchical organization . 
CCD ::   ccd can stand for : 
Cavalry ::   cavalry ( from french " cavalerie " , cf . " cheval " ' horse ' ) or horsemen were soldiers or warriors who fought mounted on horseback . 
Catalonia ::   catalonia ( , , ) is an autonomous community of spain located on the northeastern extremity of the iberian peninsula . 
Aquilegia ::   aquilegia ( common names : granny 's bonnet or columbine ) is a genus of about 60 - 70 species of perennial plants that are found in meadows , woodlands , and at higher altitudes throughout the northern hemisphere , known for the spurred petals of their flowers . 
Cygwin ::   cygwin ( ) is a unix - like environment and command - line interface for microsoft windows . 
Corinth ::   corinth (; , " kórinthos " , ) is a city and former municipality in corinthia , peloponnese , greece . 
Colossae ::   colossae (; greek : κολοσσαί ) was an ancient city of phrygia in asia minor , and was the location of a christian community to which the apostle paul addressed a canonically accepted epistle ( letter ) , which is known for its content 's exaltation of the supremacy of jesus christ . 
Caligula ::   caligula (; latin : " gaius julius caesar augustus germanicus " ; 31 august ad 12 – 24 january ad 41 ) , formally known as gaius caesar , was roman emperor from ad 37 to ad 41 . 
Caffeine ::   caffeine is a central nervous system ( cns ) stimulant of the methylxanthine class . 
Cyc ::   cyc ( ) is an artificial intelligence project that attempts to assemble a comprehensive ontology and knowledge base of everyday common sense knowledge , with the goal of enabling ai applications to perform human - like reasoning . 
Chrysler ::   fca us llc ( also called fiat chrysler or chrysler ) ( ) is the american subsidiary of fiat chrysler automobiles n.v. , an italian controlled automobile manufacturer registered in the netherlands with headquarters in london , u.k. , for tax purposes . 
Clitoris ::   the clitoris ( or ) is a female sex organ present in mammals , ostriches and a limited number of other animals . 
Chicago ::   chicago ( or ) , officially the city of chicago , is the third - most populous city in the united states . 
Census ::   a census is the procedure of systematically acquiring and recording information about the members of a given population . 
Cotswolds ::   the cotswolds is an area in south central england containing the cotswold hills , a range of rolling hills which rise from the meadows of the upper thames to an escarpment , known as the cotswold edge , above the severn valley and evesham vale . 
Carnatic ::   carnatic usually refers to : it may also refer to : 
Chakra ::   chakra ( iast : c̣akra , meaning " wheel , circle " ) , sometimes spelled cakra or cakka , is any center of subtle body believed to be psychic - energy centers in the esoteric traditions of indian religions . 
Cloning ::   in biology , cloning is the process of producing similar populations of genetically identical individuals that occurs in nature when organisms such as bacteria , insects or plants reproduce asexually . 
Cellulose ::   cellulose is an organic compound with the formula , a polysaccharide consisting of a linear chain of several hundred to many thousands of β(1→4 ) linked -glucose units . 
Cortez :: 
Colony ::   in politics and history , a colony is a territory under the immediate political control of a state , distinct from the home territory of the sovereign . 
Column ::   a column or pillar in architecture and structural engineering is a structural element that transmits , through compression , the weight of the structure above to other structural elements below . 
Carmilla ::   carmilla is a gothic novella by joseph sheridan le fanu and one of the early works of vampire fiction , predating bram stoker 's " dracula " ( 1897 ) by 26 years . 
Clitoridectomy ::   clitoridectomy or clitorectomy is the surgical removal , reduction , or partial removal of the clitoris . 
Cabal ::   a cabal is a group of people united in some close design together , usually to promote their private views or interests in an ideology , state , or other community , often by , usually unbeknown to persons outside their group . 
Cytochrome ::   cytochromes are iron containing hemeproteins central to which are heme groups that are primarily responsible for the generation of atp via electron transport . 
Colette ::   colette (; sidonie - gabrielle colette , 28 january 1873 – 3   august 1954 ) was a french novelist nominated for the nobel prize in literature in 1948 . 
Chromatin ::   chromatin is a complex of macromolecules found in cells , consisting of dna , protein , and rna . 
Cathode ::   a cathode is the electrode from which a conventional current leaves a polarized electrical device . 
Chrominance ::   chrominance ( " chroma " or c for short ) is the signal used in video systems to convey the color information of the picture , separately from the accompanying luma signal ( or y for short ) . 
Campus ::   a campus is traditionally the land on which a college or university and related institutional buildings are situated . 
Crossbow ::   a crossbow is a type of ranged weapon based on the bow and consisting of a horizontal bow - like assembly mounted on a frame which is handheld in a similar fashion to the stock of a gun . 
Carbamazepine ::   carbamazepine ( cbz ) , sold under the tradename tegretol among others , is a medication used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy and neuropathic pain . 
CCIR ::   ccir is a four - letter abbreviation that may stand for : 
Chuck-a-luck ::   chuck - a - luck , also known as birdcage , is a game of chance played with three dice . 
Chipmunk ::   chipmunks are small , striped rodents of the family sciuridae . 
Concept ::   concepts are the fundamental building blocks of our thoughts and beliefs . 
Chlorophyll ::   chlorophyll ( also chlorophyl ) is any of several related green pigments found in cyanobacteria and the chloroplasts of algae and plants . 
Carotene ::   the term carotene ( also carotin , from the latin " carota " , " carrot " ) is used for many related unsaturated hydrocarbon substances having the formula ch , which are synthesized by plants but in general can not be made by animals ( with the exception of some aphids and spider mites which acquired the synthesizing genes from fungi ) . 
Cimabue ::   cimabue (; ; 1240 – 1302 ) , also known as cenni di pepo or cenni di pepi , was an italian painter and designer of mosaics from florence . 
Corporatocracy ::   corporatocracy , is a recent term used to refer to an economic and political system controlled by corporations or corporate interests . 
Concubinage ::   concubinage is an interpersonal and sexual relationship in which the couple are not or can not be married . 
Caravaggio ::   michelangelo merisi ( michele angelo merigi or amerighi ) da caravaggio ( , ; ; 28 september 1571 – 18 july 1610 ) was an italian painter active in rome , naples , malta , and sicily between 1592 ( 1595 ? ) and 1610 . 
Cranberry ::   cranberries are a group of evergreen dwarf shrubs or trailing vines in the subgenus oxycoccus of the genus " vaccinium " . 
Cruiser ::   a cruiser is a type of warship . 
Candidiasis ::   candidiasis is a fungal infection due to any type of " candida " ( a type of yeast ) . 
Beetle ::   beetles are a group of insects that form the order coleoptera , in the superorder endopterygota . 
Concorde ::   aérospatiale / bac concorde ( ) is a british - french turbojet - powered supersonic passenger jet airliner that was operated until 2003 . 
Cannon ::   a cannon ( plural : " cannon " or " cannons " ) is a type of gun classified as artillery that launches a projectile using propellant . 
Chymotrypsin ::   chymotrypsin ( , " chymotrypsins a and b " , " alpha - chymar ophth " , " avazyme " , " chymar " , " chymotest " , " enzeon " , " quimar " , " quimotrase " , " alpha - chymar " , " alpha - chymotrypsin a " , " alpha - chymotrypsin " ) is a digestive enzyme component of pancreatic juice acting in the duodenum where it performs proteolysis , the breakdown of proteins and polypeptides . 
Catapult ::   a catapult is a ballistic device used to launch a projectile a great distance without the aid of explosive devices — particularly various types of ancient and medieval siege engines . 
Cinquain ::   cinquain is a class of poetic forms that employ a 5-line pattern . 
Clerihew ::   a clerihew ( ) is a whimsical , four - line biographical poem invented by edmund clerihew bentley . 
Chocolate ::   chocolate is a typically sweet , usually brown food preparation of " theobroma cacao " seeds , roasted and ground . 
Cornet ::   the cornet ( , ) is a brass instrument similar to the trumpet but distinguished from it by its conical bore , more compact shape , and mellower tone quality . 
CAMP ::   camp or camp may stand for : 
CGMP ::   cgmp is an initialism . 
Calreticulin ::   calreticulin also known as calregulin , crp55 , cabp3 , calsequestrin - like protein , and endoplasmic reticulum resident protein 60 ( erp60 ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " calr " gene . 
Crannog ::   a crannog (; ; ) is typically a partially or entirely artificial island , usually built in lakes , rivers and estuarine waters of scotland , wales , and ireland . 
Cist ::   a cist ( or ; also kist ; from or germanic " kiste " ) is a small stone - built coffin - like box or ossuary used to hold the bodies of the dead . 
Tramlink ::   tramlink is a light rail tram system serving croydon and surrounding areas in south london , england . 
Catenary ::   in physics and geometry , a catenary ( , ) is the curve that an idealized hanging chain or cable assumes under its own weight when supported only at its ends . 
Cartoon ::   a cartoon is a type of two - dimensional illustration , possibly animated . 
Chemotherapy ::   chemotherapy ( often abbreviated to chemo and sometimes ctx or ctx ) is a category of cancer treatment that uses one or more anti - cancer drugs ( chemotherapeutic agents ) as part of a standardized chemotherapy regimen . 
Cryogenics ::   in physics , cryogenics is the study of the production and behaviour of materials at very low temperatures . 
C*-algebra ::   c - algebras ( pronounced " c - star " ) are an area of research in functional analysis , a branch of mathematics . 
Commutator ::   in mathematics , the commutator gives an indication of the extent to which a certain binary operation fails to be commutative . 
Cairn ::   a cairn is a human - made pile ( or stack ) of stones . 
Cross-examination ::   in law , cross - examination is the interrogation of a witness called by one 's opponent . 
Creed ::   a creed ( also known as a " confession " , " symbol " , or " statement of faith " ) is a statement of the shared beliefs of a religious community in the form of a fixed formula summarizing core tenets . 
Cookie ::   a cookie is a baked or cooked good that is small , flat and sweet . 
Choctaw ::   the choctaw ( in the choctaw language , chahta ) are a native american people originally occupying what is now the southeastern united states ( modern - day alabama , florida , mississippi , and louisiana ) . 
Conspiracy ::   a conspiracy is an agreement between persons who intend to gain some collective advantage while keeping their agreement secret from the public or from other people affected by it . 
Crankshaft ::   a crankshaft — related to " crank "— is a mechanical part able to perform a conversion between reciprocating motion and rotational motion . 
Cartesian ::   cartesian means of or relating to the french philosopher rené descartes — from his latinized name " cartesius " . 
Caste ::   caste is a form of social stratification characterized by endogamy , hereditary transmission of a lifestyle which often includes an occupation , status in a hierarchy , and customary social interaction and exclusion . 
Canchim ::   the canchim breed is a breed of beef cattle developed in central brazil by crossing european charolais cattle with indubrazil cattle already kept in brazil where asian zebu type cattle are best suited to the tropical conditions . 
Controversy ::   controversy is a state of prolonged public dispute or debate , usually concerning a matter of conflicting opinion or point of view . 
Centromere ::   the centromere is the part of a chromosome that links sister chromatids or a dyad . 
Castello ::   castello is the italian word for " castle " . 
CuteFTP ::   cuteftp is a series of ftp ( file transfer protocol ) client applications distributed and supported by globalscape since 1996 , who later bought the rights to the software . 
Cartography ::   cartography ( from greek χάρτης " khartēs " , " papyrus , sheet of paper , map " ; and γράφειν " graphein " , " write " ) is the study and practice of making maps . 
Colonialism ::   colonialism is the establishment of a colony in one territory by a political power from another territory , and the subsequent maintenance , expansion , and exploitation of that colony . 
Casablanca ::   casablanca (; ; local informal name : " kaẓa " ) , located in the central - western part of morocco bordering the atlantic ocean , is the largest city in morocco . 
Cross ::   a cross is a geometrical figure consisting of two intersecting lines or bars , usually perpendicular to each other . 
Coleco ::   coleco industries , inc. was an american company founded in 1932 by maurice greenberg as the connecticut leather company . 
ColecoVision ::   the colecovision is coleco industries ' second - generation home video - game console which was released in august 1982 . 
Chauvinism ::   chauvinism is a form of extreme patriotism and a belief in national superiority and glory . 
Crucifix ::   a crucifix ( from latin " cruci fixus " meaning " ( one ) fixed to a cross " ) is an image of jesus on the cross , as distinct from a bare cross . 
Cyprinidae ::   the cyprinidae are the family of freshwater fishes , collectively called cyprinids , that includes the carps , the true minnows , and their relatives ( for example , the barbs and barbels ) . 
Christology ::   christology ( from greek χριστός " khristós " and , " -logia " ) is the field of study within christian theology which is primarily concerned with the ontology of the person of jesus as recorded in the canonical gospels and the epistles of the new testament . 
Complaint ::   in legal terminology , a complaint is any formal legal document that sets out the facts and legal reasons ( see : cause of action ) that the filing party or parties ( the plaintiff(s ) ) believes are sufficient to support a claim against the party or parties against whom the claim is brought ( the defendant(s ) ) that entitles the plaintiff(s ) to a remedy ( either money damages or injunctive relief ) . 
Complexity ::   complexity characterises the behaviour of a system or model whose components interact in multiple ways and follow local rules , meaning there is no reasonable higher instruction to define the various possible interactions . 
Chastity ::   chastity is sexual conduct of a person that is deemed praiseworthy and virtuous according to the moral standards and guidelines of their culture , civilization or religion . 
Cyberspace ::   cyberspace is our interconnected technology . 
Hanukkah ::   hanukkah ( ; ' , tiberian : ' , usually spelled , pronounced in modern hebrew , or in yiddish ; a transliteration also romanized as chanukah or ḥanukah ) is a jewish holiday commemorating the rededication of the holy temple ( the second temple ) in jerusalem at the time of the maccabean revolt against the seleucid empire . 
Centaur ::   a centaur (; , " kéntauros " , ) , or occasionally hippocentaur , is a mythological creature with the upper body of a human and the lower body of a horse . 
Chemotaxis ::   chemotaxis ( from " chemo- " + " taxis " ) is the movement of an organism in response to a chemical stimulus . 
Cheshire ::   cheshire ( or ; archaically the county palatine of chester ) is a county in north west england , bordering merseyside and greater manchester to the north , derbyshire to the east , staffordshire and shropshire to the south and wales to the west . 
Crochet ::   crochet (; ) is a process of creating fabric by interlocking loops of yarn , thread , or strands of other materials using a crochet hook . 
Chalcolithic ::   the chalcolithic (; " khalkós " , " copper " and " líthos " , " stone " ) period or copper age , also known as the eneolithic or æneolithic ( from latin " aeneus " " of copper " ) , was a period in the development of human technology , before it was discovered that adding tin to copper formed the harder bronze , leading to the bronze age . 
Chaparral ::   chaparral is a shrubland or heathland plant community found primarily in the u.s. state of california and in the northern portion of the baja california peninsula , mexico . 
CJD ::   cjd can mean : 
Clipper ::   a clipper was a very fast sailing ship of the middle third of the 19th century . 
Cuitláhuac ::   cuitláhuac ( , ) ( c. 1476 – 1520 ) or cuitláhuac ( in spanish orthography ; , , honorific form cuitlahuatzin ) was the 10th " tlatoani " ( ruler ) of the aztec city of tenochtitlan for 80 days during the year two flint ( 1520 ) . 
Cuauhtémoc ::   cuauhtémoc ( , also known as cuauhtemotzin , guatimozin or guatemoc ; c. 1495 ) was the aztec ruler ( " tlatoani " ) of tenochtitlan from 1520 to 1521 , making him the last aztec emperor . 
Corporation ::   a corporation is a company or group of people authorized to act as a single entity ( legally a person ) and recognized as such in law . 
Collation ::   collation is the assembly of written information into a standard order . 
Cola ::   cola is a sweetened , carbonated soft drink , made from ingredients that contain caffeine from the kola nut and non - cocaine derivatives from coca leaves , flavored with vanilla and other ingredients . 
RDX ::   rdx is the organic compound with the formula ( onnch ) . 
Chronicle ::   a chronicle ( , from greek , from , " chronos " , " time " ) is a historical account of facts and events ranged in chronological order , as in a time line . 
Concentration ::   in chemistry , concentration is the abundance of a constituent divided by the total volume of a mixture . 
Convolution ::   in mathematics ( and , in particular , functional analysis ) convolution is a mathematical operation on two functions ( " f " and " g " ) to produce a third function , that is typically viewed as a modified version of one of the original functions , giving the integral of the pointwise multiplication of the two functions as a function of the amount that one of the original functions is translated . 
Calico ::   calico ( in british usage since 1505 ) is a plain - woven textile made from unbleached and often not fully processed cotton . 
Calorimetry ::   calorimetry is the science or act of measuring changes in state variables of a body for the purpose of deriving the heat transfer associated with changes of its state due , for example , to chemical reactions , physical changes , or phase transitions under specified constraints . 
Cro-hook ::   the cro - hook , is a special double - ended crochet hook used to make double - sided crochet . 
Clavichord ::   the clavichord is a european stringed keyboard instrument that was used largely in the late medieval , through the renaissance , baroque and classical eras . 
Commodore ::   commodore generally refers to commodore ( rank ) , a naval rank . 
Checksum ::   a checksum is a small - sized datum derived from a block of digital data for the purpose of detecting errors which may have been introduced during its transmission or storage . 
Camelot ::   camelot is a castle and court associated with the legendary king arthur . 
Contras ::   the contras were the various u.s .- backed and funded right - wing rebel groups that were active from 1979 to the early 1990s in opposition to the left - wing , socialist sandinista junta of national reconstruction government in nicaragua . 
Coin ::   a coin is a small , flat , ( usually ) round piece of metal or plastic used primarily as a medium of exchange or legal tender . 
Christadelphians ::   the christadelphians ( ) are a millenarian christian group who hold a view of biblical unitarianism . 
Cholera ::   cholera is an infection of the small intestine by some strains of the bacterium " vibrio cholerae " . 
Caldera ::   a caldera is a large cauldron - like depression that forms following the evacuation of a magma chamber / reservoir . 
Calculator ::   an electronic calculator is typically a portable electronic device used to perform calculations , ranging from basic arithmetic to complex mathematics . 
Carinatae ::   carinatae is the group of all birds and their extinct relatives to possess a keel , or " carina " , on the underside of the breastbone used to anchor large flight muscles . 
Cocktail ::   when used to refer to any generic alcoholic mixed drink , cocktail may mean any beverage that contains two or more ingredients if at least one of those ingredients contains alcohol . 
Clabbers ::   clabbers is a game played by tournament scrabble players for fun , or occasionally at scrabble variant tournaments . 
Cetacea ::   cetacea ( ) are a widely distributed and diverse clade of aquatic mammals that today consists of the whales , dolphins , and porpoises . 
Catharism ::   catharism (; from the greek : , " katharoi " , " the pure [ ones ] " ) was a christian dualist or gnostic revival movement that thrived in some areas of southern europe , particularly northern italy and southern france , between the 12th and 14th centuries . 
Consilience :: 
Conciliation ::   conciliation is an alternative dispute resolution ( adr ) process whereby the parties to a dispute use a conciliator , who meets with the parties both separately and together in an attempt to resolve their differences . 
Centimetre ::   a centimetre ( international spelling as used by the international bureau of weights and measures ; symbol cm ) or centimeter ( american spelling ) is a unit of length in the metric system , equal to one hundredth of a metre , " centi " being the si prefix for a factor of . 
Costume ::   costume is the distinctive style of dress of an individual or group that reflects their class , gender , profession , ethnicity , nationality , activity or epoch . 
ClearType ::   cleartype is microsoft 's implementation of subpixel rendering technology in rendering text in a font system . 
Centriole ::   in cell biology a centriole is a cylindrical cell structure composed mainly of a protein called tubulin that is found in most eukaryotic cells . 
Cirth ::   the cirth (; plural of certh , in sindarin meaning runes ) are a semi - artificial script , with letters shaped on those of actual runic alphabets , invented by j. r. r. tolkien for the constructed languages he devised and used in his works . 
Cocaine ::   cocaine , also known as coke , is a strong stimulant mostly used as a recreational drug . 
Coprophagia ::   coprophagia or coprophagy is the consumption of feces . 
Compactron ::   compactrons are a type of thermionic valve , or vacuum tube , which contain arrangements of diodes , triodes , or pentodes in multiple combination arrays , as well as high or low - voltage and power types . 
Clairvoyance ::   clairvoyance ( /klɛɹˈvɔɪəns/ or /klɛəˈvɔɪəns/ ) ( from french " clair " meaning " clear " and " voyance " meaning " vision " ) is the alleged ability to gain information about an object , person , location or physical event through extrasensory perception . 
Chiropractic ::   chiropractic is a form of alternative medicine mostly concerned with the diagnosis and treatment of mechanical disorders of the musculoskeletal system , especially the spine . 
Carbide ::   in chemistry , a carbide is a compound composed of carbon and a less electronegative element . 
Compaq ::   compaq ( a portmanteau of compatibility and quality ; occasionally referred to as cq prior to its final logo ) was a company founded in 1982 that developed , sold , and supported computers and related products and services . 
Cluny ::   cluny is a commune in the eastern french department of saône - et - loire , in the region of bourgogne - franche - comté . 
Chianti ::   a chianti wine is any wine produced in the chianti region , in central tuscany , italy . 
Crystallography ::   crystallography is a natural science with the scope of investigating matter in the crystalline state . 
Crossfire ::   a crossfire ( also known as interlocking fire ) is a military term for the siting of weapons ( often automatic weapons such as assault rifles or sub - machine guns ) so that their arcs of fire overlap . 
CNO ::   cno is a three - letter initialism . 
Cavitation ::   cavitation is the formation of vapour cavities in a liquid , small liquid - free zones ( " bubbles " or " voids " ) , that are the consequence of forces acting upon the liquid . 
Cyprinodontiformes ::   cyprinodontiformes is an order of ray - finned fish , comprising mostly small , freshwater fish . 
Cernunnos ::   cernunnos is the conventional name given in celtic studies to depictions of the " horned god " of celtic polytheism . 
Consumer ::   a consumer is a person or organization that uses economic services or commodities . 
Cactus ::   a cactus ( plural : " cacti " , " cactuses " , or " cactus " ) is a member of the plant family cactaceae , a family comprising about 127 genera with some 1750 known species of the order caryophyllales . 
Covenant-breaker ::   covenant - breaker is a term used by bahá'ís to refer to a person who has been excommunicated from the bahá'í community for the act of covenant - breaking , roughly defined as active opposition to the bahá'í faith from a current member . 
Caddie ::   in golf , a caddie ( or caddy ) is the person who carries a player 's bag and clubs , and gives insightful advice and moral support . 
Corona ::   a corona ( latin , ' crown ' ) is an aura of plasma that surrounds the sun and other stars . 
Dance ::   dance is a performing art form consisting of purposefully selected sequences of human movement . 
Dune ::   in physical geography , a dune is a hill of loose sand built by aeolian processes ( wind ) or the flow of water . 
Derivative ::   the derivative of a function of a real variable measures the sensitivity to change of the function value ( output value ) with respect to a change in its argument ( input value ) . 
Dracula ::   dracula is an 1897 gothic horror novel by irish author bram stoker . 
Delaware ::   delaware ( ) is a state located in the mid - atlantic or northeastern regions of the united states . 
Dictionary ::   a dictionary , sometimes known as a wordbook , is a collection of words in one or more specific languages , often arranged alphabetically ( or by radical and stroke for ideographic languages ) , which may include information on definitions , usage , etymologies , phonetics , pronunciations , translation , etc . or a book of words in one language with their equivalents in another , sometimes known as a lexicon . 
Duopoly ::   a duopoly ( from greek δύο , " duo " ( two ) + πωλεῖν , " polein " ( to sell ) ) is a form of oligopoly where only two sellers exist in one market . 
Disbarment ::   disbarment is the removal of a lawyer from a bar association or the practice of law , thus revoking his or her law license or admission to practice law . 
Drum ::   the drum is a member of the percussion group of musical instruments . 
Delphi ::   delphi ( or ; , ) is famous as the ancient sanctuary that grew rich as the seat of pythia , the oracle consulted about important decisions throughout the ancient classical world . 
DNA ::   deoxyribonucleic acid (; dna ) is a molecule that carries the genetic instructions used in the growth , development , functioning and reproduction of all known living organisms and many viruses . 
Democracy ::   democracy ( " " , literally " rule of the people " ) , in modern usage , is a system of government in which the citizens exercise power directly or elect representatives from among themselves to form a governing body , such as a parliament . 
Definition ::   a definition is a statement of the meaning of a term ( a word , phrase , or other set of symbols ) . 
Disco ::   disco is a musical style originating in the early 1970s that remained urban and largely underground until the middle of the decade when it began to emerge from america 's urban nightlife scene , where it had been curtailed to house parties and makeshift discotheques , and began making regular appearances mainstream , gaining popularity and increasing airplay on radio . 
Darwin ::   darwin most often refers to : darwin may also refer to the following : 
Dessert ::   dessert ( ) is a confectionery course that concludes a main meal . 
Drink ::   a drink or beverage is a liquid intended for human consumption . 
Dill ::   dill ( " anethum graveolens " ) is an annual herb in the celery family apiaceae . 
Dianetics ::   dianetics ( from greek " dia " , meaning " through " , and " nous " , meaning " mind " ) is a set of ideas and practices regarding the metaphysical relationship between the mind and body created by science fiction writer l. ron hubbard ; dianetics is practiced by followers of scientology , the nation of islam ( as of 2010 ) and independent dianeticist groups . 
Disperser ::   a disperser is a one - sided extractor . 
Devonian ::   the devonian is a geologic period and system of the paleozoic , spanning 60 million years from the end of the silurian , million years ago ( mya ) , to the beginning of the carboniferous , mya . 
Dioscoreales ::   the dioscoreales are an order of monocotyledonous flowering plants in modern classification systems , such as the angiosperm phylogeny group and the angiosperm phylogeny web . 
Dentistry ::   dentistry is a branch of medicine that consists of the study , diagnosis , prevention , and treatment of diseases , disorders and conditions of the oral cavity , commonly in the dentition but also the oral mucosa , and of adjacent and related structures and tissues , particularly in the maxillofacial ( jaw and facial ) area . 
Diameter ::   in geometry , a diameter of a circle is any straight line segment that passes through the center of the circle and whose endpoints lie on the circle . 
Disease ::   a disease is a particular abnormal condition that affects part or all of an organism not caused by external force ( see ' injury ' ) and that consists of a disorder of a structure or function , usually serving as an evolutionary disadvantage . 
Dardanelles ::   the dardanelles (; , ) , also known in classical antiquity as the hellespont (; , " hellespontos " , literally " sea of helle " ) , is a narrow , natural strait and internationally - significant waterway in northwestern turkey that forms part of the continental boundary between europe and asia , and separates asian turkey from european turkey . 
Daugava ::   the daugava ( ) or western dvina is a river rising in the valdai hills , russia , flowing through russia , belarus , and latvia and into the gulf of riga . 
Datsun ::   datsun is an automobile brand owned by nissan . 
Dynamite ::   dynamite is an explosive made of nitroglycerin , sorbents ( such as powdered shells or clay ) and stabilizers . 
Diamond ::   diamond ( or ) is a metastable allotrope of carbon , where the carbon atoms are arranged in a variation of the face - centered cubic crystal structure called a diamond lattice . 
Dollar ::   dollar ( often represented by the dollar sign $ ) is the name of more than twenty currencies , including ( ordered by population ) those of the united states , canada , australia , taiwan , hong kong , singapore , belize , new zealand , liberia , jamaica and namibia . 
Dysprosium ::   dysprosium is a chemical element with symbol dy and atomic number 66 . 
Deforestation ::   deforestation , clearance or clearing is the removal of a forest or stand of trees where the land is thereafter converted to a non - forest use . 
Desertification ::   desertification is a type of land degradation in which a relatively dry area of land becomes increasingly arid , typically losing its bodies of water as well as vegetation and wildlife . 
D ::   d ( named " dee " ) is the fourth letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Digamma ::   digamma , waw , or wau ( uppercase : ϝ , lowercase : ϝ , numeral : ϛ ) is an archaic letter of the greek alphabet . 
Dose ::   dose means quantity ( in units of energy / mass ) in the fields of nutrition , medicine , and toxicology . 
Dilbert ::   dilbert is an american comic strip written and illustrated by scott adams , first published on april 16 , 1989 . 
Dialect ::   the term dialect ( from latin , , from the ancient greek word , , " discourse " , from , , " through " and , , " i speak " ) is used in two distinct ways to refer to two different types of linguistic phenomena : for example , most of the various regional romance languages of italy , often colloquially referred to as italian " dialects " , are , in fact , not " actually " derived from modern standard italian , but rather evolved from vulgar latin separately and individually from one another and independently of standard italian , long prior to the diffusion of a national standardized language throughout what is now italy . 
Digitalis ::   digitalis ( or ) is a genus of about 20 species of herbaceous perennials , shrubs , and biennials commonly called foxgloves . 
Dendrite ::   dendrites ( from greek δένδρον " déndron " , " tree " ) , also dendrons , are the branched projections of a neuron that act to propagate the electrochemical stimulation received from other neural cells to the cell body , or soma , of the neuron from which the dendrites project . 
Damages ::   in law , damages are an award , typically of money , to be paid to a person as compensation for loss or injury . 
Dualism ::   dualism ( from the latin word " duo " meaning " two " ) denotes the state of two parts . 
Disaster ::   a disaster is a serious disruption , occurring over a relatively short time , of the functioning of a community or a society involving widespread human , material , economic or environmental loss and impacts , which exceeds the ability of the affected community or society to cope using its own resources . 
Dipsacales ::   the dipsacales are an order of flowering plants , included within the asterid group of dicotyledons . 
December ::   december is the twelfth and final month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars . 
Devon ::   devon ( ) , also known as devonshire , which was formerly its common and official name , is a county of england , reaching from the bristol channel in the north to the english channel in the south . 
Dartmoor ::   dartmoor is an area of moorland in southern devon , england . 
Dye ::   a dye is a colored substance that has an affinity to the substrate to which it is being applied . 
Dejima ::   , in old western documents latinized as " decima " , " desjima " , " dezima " , " disma " , or " disima " , was a dutch trading post notable for being the single place of direct trade and exchange between japan and the outside world during the edo period . 
Deutschlandlied ::   the " ' " ( english : " song of germany " , ; also known as " ' " , or " the song of the germans " ) , or part of it , has been the national anthem of germany since 1922 , except in east germany , whose anthem was " auferstanden aus ruinen " ( " risen from ruins " ) from 1949 to 1990 . 
Democritus ::   democritus (; , " dēmókritos " , meaning " chosen of the people " ; ) was an ancient greek pre - socratic philosopher primarily remembered today for his formulation of an atomic theory of the universe . 
Decimal ::   the decimal numeral system ( also called base - ten positional numeral system , and occasionally called denary ) is the standard system for denoting integer and non - integer numbers . 
Dorians ::   the dorians (; , " dōrieis " , singular , " dōrieus " ) were one of the four major ethnic groups among which the hellenes ( or greeks ) of classical greece considered themselves divided ( along with the aeolians , achaeans , and ionians ) . 
Death ::   death is the cessation of all biological functions that sustain a living organism . 
Demeter ::   in ancient greek religion and greek mythology , demeter (; attic : " dēmḗtēr " , ; doric : " dāmā́tēr " ) is the goddess of the harvest and agriculture , who presided over grains and the fertility of the earth . 
Dada ::   dada ( ) or dadaism was an art movement of the european avant - garde in the early 20th century , with early centers in zürich , switzerland at the cabaret voltaire ( circa 1916 ) ; new york dada began circa 1915 , and after 1920 dada flourished in paris . 
Debian ::   debian ( ) is a unix - like computer operating system that is composed entirely of free software , most of which is under the gnu general public license and packaged by a group of individuals participating in the debian project . 
Doonesbury ::   doonesbury is a comic strip by american cartoonist garry trudeau that chronicles the adventures and lives of an array of characters of various ages , professions , and backgrounds , from the president of the united states to the title character , michael doonesbury , who has progressed from a college student to a youthful senior citizen over the decades . 
Dice ::   dice ( singular die or dice ; from old french " dé " ; from latin " datum " " something which is given or played " ) are small throwable objects with multiple resting positions , used for generating random numbers . 
Diode ::   a diode is a two - terminal electronic component that conducts current primarily in one direction ( asymmetric conductance ) ; it has low ( ideally zero ) resistance in one direction , and high ( ideally infinite ) resistance in the other . 
Daedalus ::   in greek mythology , daedalus (; " daidalos " " cunningly wrought " , perhaps related to δαιδάλλω " to work artfully " ; ; etruscan : " taitale " ) was a skillful craftsman and artist . 
Dominoes ::   dominoes is a family of games played with rectangular " domino " tiles . 
Demon ::   a demon ( from koine greek " daimónion " ) is a supernatural and often malevolent being prevalent in religion , occultism , literature , fiction , mythology and folklore . 
Distillation ::   distillation is the process of separating the components or substances from a liquid mixture by selective evaporation and condensation . 
Dyslexia ::   dyslexia , also known as reading disorder , is characterized by trouble with reading despite normal intelligence . 
Delft ::   delft ( ) is a city and municipality in the netherlands known for its historic town centre with canals , delft blue pottery , the delft university of technology , jurist hugo grotius , painter johannes vermeer and scientist antony van leeuwenhoek , and its association with the royal house of orange - nassau . 
Dinosaur ::   dinosaurs are a diverse group of reptiles of the clade dinosauria that first appeared during the triassic period . 
Diamagnetism ::   diamagnetic materials are repelled by a magnetic field ; an applied magnetic field creates an induced magnetic field in them in the opposite direction , causing a repulsive force . 
Draupnir ::   in norse mythology , draupnir ( old norse " the dripper " ) is a gold ring possessed by the god odin with the ability to multiply itself : every ninth night , eight new rings ' drip ' from draupnir , each one of the same size and weight as the original . 
Divergence ::   in vector calculus , divergence is a vector operator that produces a scalar field giving the quantity of a vector field 's source at each point . 
Docetism ::   in christian terminology , docetism ( from the greek " dokeĩn " ( to seem ) " dókēsis " ( apparition , phantom ) , is the doctrine that the phenomenon of christ , his historical and bodily existence , and above all the human form of jesus , was mere semblance without any true reality . 
Denarius ::   in the roman currency system , the dēnārius ( pronunciation : ; dēnāriī ( pronunciation : ) was a small silver coin first minted about 211 bc during the second punic war . 
Divinity ::   in religion , divinity or godhead is the state of things that are believed to come from a supernatural power or deity , such as a god , supreme being , creator deity , or spirits , and are therefore regarded as sacred and holy . 
Dumnonii ::   the dumnonii or dumnones were a british tribe who inhabited dumnonia , the area now known as devon and cornwall ( and some areas of present - day dorset and somerset ) in the further parts of the south west peninsula of britain , from at least the iron age up to the early saxon period . 
Draugr ::   the draugr or draug ( , plural ; modern , and danish , swedish , and ) , also called , literally " again - walker " ( ) is an undead creature from norse mythology . 
Day ::   a day is a unit of time . 
Database ::   a database is an organized collection of data . 
Dipole :: 
Dimension ::   in physics and mathematics , the dimension of a mathematical space ( or object ) is informally defined as the minimum number of coordinates needed to specify any point within it . 
Duodecimal ::   the duodecimal system ( also known as base 12 or dozenal ) is a positional notation numeral system using twelve as its base . 
Diving ::   diving is the sport of jumping or falling into water from a platform or springboard , usually while performing acrobatics . 
Dodecahedron ::   in geometry , a dodecahedron ( greek , from " dōdeka " " twelve " + " hédra " " base " , " seat " or " face " ) is any polyhedron with twelve flat faces . 
Dictator ::   a dictator is a political leader who possesses absolute power and wields it in an oppressive or abusive manner . 
Decibel ::   the decibel ( symbol : db ) is a logarithmic unit used to express the ratio of one value of a physical property to another , and may be used to express a change in value ( e.g. , + 1 db or -1 db ) or an absolute value . 
Darwinism ::   darwinism is a theory of biological evolution developed by the english naturalist charles darwin ( 1809–1882 ) and others , stating that all species of organisms arise and develop through the natural selection of small , inherited variations that increase the individual 's ability to compete , survive , and reproduce . 
Doraemon ::   doraemon ( ) is a japanese manga series written and illustrated by fujiko f. fujio . 
Dodo ::   the dodo ( " raphus cucullatus " ) is an extinct flightless bird that was endemic to the island of mauritius , east of madagascar in the indian ocean . 
Density ::   the density , or more precisely , the volumetric mass density , of a substance is its mass per unit volume . 
Diacritic ::   a diacritic – also diacritical mark , diacritical point , or diacritical sign – is a glyph added to a letter , or basic glyph . 
Didgeridoo ::   the didgeridoo ( ) ( also known as a didjeridu ) is a wind instrument developed by indigenous australians of northern australia potentially within the last 1,500 years and still in widespread use today both in australia and around the world . 
Dieting ::   dieting is the practice of eating food in a regulated and supervised fashion to decrease , maintain , or increase body weight . 
Dubnium ::   dubnium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol db and atomic number 105 . 
Disaccharide ::   a disaccharide ( also called a double sugar or biose ) is the sugar formed when two monosaccharides ( simple sugars ) are joined by glycosidic linkage . 
Dorado ::   dorado ( english pronunciation : ) is a constellation in the southern sky . 
Determinant ::   in linear algebra , the determinant is a useful value that can be computed from the elements of a square matrix . 
Delphinus ::   delphinus is a constellation in the northern sky , close to the celestial equator . 
Doublespeak ::   doublespeak is a language that deliberately obscures , disguises , distorts , or reverses the meaning of words . 
Dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane ::   dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane ( ddt ) is a colorless , tasteless , and almost odorless crystalline organochlorine known for its insecticidal properties and environmental impacts . 
Dublin ::   dublin ( , ) is the capital and largest city of ireland . 
DirectX ::   microsoft directx is a collection of application programming interfaces ( apis ) for handling tasks related to multimedia , especially game programming and video , on microsoft platforms . 
Dachshund ::   the dachshund ( or or ) is a short - legged , long - bodied , hound - type dog breed . 
Denver ::   denver ( ) , officially the city and county of denver , is the capital and most populous municipality of the u.s. state of colorado . 
Deuterium ::   deuterium ( or hydrogen-2 , symbol ' or ' , also known as heavy hydrogen ) is one of two stable isotopes of hydrogen ( the other being protium , or hydrogen-1 ) . 
Discordianism ::   discordianism is a paradigm based upon the book " principia discordia , " written by greg hill with kerry wendell thornley in 1963 , the two working under the pseudonyms malaclypse the younger and omar khayyam ravenhurst . 
Dragon ::   a dragon is a legendary creature , typically scaled or fire - spewing and with serpentine , reptilian or avian traits , that features in the myths of many cultures around world . 
Devil ::   the devil ( from greek : διάβολος or " diábolos " slanderer or accuser ) is , according to christianity , the primary opponent of god . 
Drawing ::   drawing is a form of visual art in which a person uses various drawing instruments to mark paper or another two - dimensional medium . 
Down ::   down is the y - axis relative vertical direction opposed to up . 
David ::   david is described in the hebrew bible as the second king of the united kingdom of israel and judah . 
Design ::   design is the creation of a plan or convention for the construction of an object , system or measurable human interaction ( as in architectural blueprints , engineering drawings , business processes , circuit diagrams , and sewing patterns ) . 
Denormalization ::   denormalization is a strategy used on a previously - normalized database to increase performance . 
Diffeomorphism ::   in mathematics , a diffeomorphism is an isomorphism of smooth manifolds . 
Dyne ::   the dyne ( symbol dyn , from greek δύναμις , " dynamis " , meaning power , force ) is a unit of force specified in the centimetre – gram– 
Diocletian ::   diocletian (; ) , born diocles ( 244–312 ) , was a roman emperor from 284 to 305 . 
Deism ::   deism ( or ; derived from latin " deus " meaning " god " ) is a philosophical position that posits that a god does not interfere directly with the world . 
Dramaturge ::   a dramaturge or dramaturg is a professional within a theatre or opera company who deals mainly with research and development of plays or operas . 
Democide ::   democide is a term revived and redefined by the political scientist r. j. rummel as " the murder of any person or people by their government , including genocide , politicide and mass murder " . 
Domitian ::   domitian (; ; 24 october 51   – 18 september 96 ) was roman emperor from 81 to 96 . 
Diffraction ::   diffraction refers to various phenomena that occur when a wave encounters an obstacle or a slit . 
Dolmen ::   a dolmen ( ) is a type of single - chamber megalithic tomb , usually consisting of two or more vertical megaliths supporting a large flat horizontal capstone ( " table " ) , although there are also more complex variants . 
Declination ::   in astronomy , declination ( abbreviated dec ; symbol δ ) is one of the two angles that locate a point on the celestial sphere in the equatorial coordinate system , the other being hour angle . 
Diaspora ::   a diaspora ( from greek διασπορά , " scattering , dispersion " ) is a scattered population whose origin lies within a smaller geographic locale . 
Dhole ::   the dhole ( " cuon alpinus " ) is a canid native to central , south and southeast asia . 
Druze ::   the druze (; ' or ' , plural ' ; ' plural , " ") are an esoteric ethnoreligious group originating in western asia who self - identify as unitarians ( " al - muwaḥḥidūn / muwahhidun " ) . 
Door ::   a door is a moving mechanism used to block off , and allow access to , an entrance to or within an enclosed space , such as a building , room or vehicle . 
Desmothoracid ::   order desmothoracida , the desmothoracids , are a group of heliozoan protists , usually sessile and found in freshwater environments . 
Declension ::   in linguistics , declension is the inflection ( changing the form of a word ) of nouns , pronouns , adjectives , and articles to indicate number ( at least singular and plural ) , case ( nominative or subjective , genitive or possessive , etc . ) , and/or gender . 
Daffynition ::   a daffynition ( derived from " daffy " and " definition " ) is a pun format involving the reinterpretation of an existing word , on the basis that it sounds like another word ( or group of words ) . 
Ducati ::   ducati motor holding s.p . 
Donn ::   in irish mythology , donn ( " the dark one " , from ) is a god of the dead and ancestor of the gaels . 
Detroit ::   detroit ( ) is the most populous city in the u.s. state of michigan , the largest city on the united states – canada border , and the seat of wayne county . 
Divination ::   divination ( from latin " divinare " " to foresee , to be inspired by a god " , related to " divinus " , divine ) is the attempt to gain insight into a question or situation by way of an occultic , standardized process or ritual . 
Dukkha ::   dukkha ( pāli ; sanskrit : " duḥkha " ; tibetan : སྡུག་བསྔལ་ " sdug bsngal " , pr . " duk - ngel " ) is an important buddhist concept , commonly translated as " suffering " , " pain " or " unsatisfactoriness " . 
DKW ::   dkw ( dampf - kraft - wagen , ) is a german car and motorcycle marque . 
Dhrystone ::   dhrystone is a synthetic computing benchmark program developed in 1984 by reinhold p. weicker intended to be representative of system ( integer ) programming . 
Taiko ::   taiko have a mythological origin in japanese folklore , but historical records suggest that taiko were introduced to japan through korean and chinese cultural influence as early as the 6th century ce . 
Diprotodon ::   diprotodon , meaning " two forward teeth " , is the largest known marsupial to have ever lived . 
ΔT ::   in precise timekeeping , δ"t ( delta " t , delta-"t , delta"t , or d"t " ) is the time difference obtained by subtracting universal time ( ut ) from terrestrial time ( tt ) : . 
Volkssturm ::   the volkssturm ( , " people 's storm " ) was a national militia established by nazi germany during the last months of world war ii . 
BIND ::   bind , or named , is the most widely used domain name system ( dns ) software on the internet . 
Djbdns ::   the djbdns software package is a dns implementation . 
N,N-Dimethyltryptamine ::   n","n "- dimethyltryptamine ( dmt or n","n "- dmt ) is a tryptamine molecule which occurs in many plants and animals . 
Dominatrix ::   a dominatrix ( ) , plural " dominatrixes " or " dominatrices " ( ) , is a woman who takes the dominant role in bdsm activities . 
Dharma ::   dharma (; " dharma " , ; " dhamma " ) is a key concept with multiple meanings in the indian religions — hinduism , buddhism , sikhism and jainism . 
Dahomey ::   the kingdom of dahomey ( ) was an african kingdom ( located in the area of the present - day country of benin ) that existed from about 1600 until 1894 , when the last king , béhanzin , was defeated by the french , and the country was annexed into the french colonial empire . 
Dragoon ::   dragoons originally referred to a class of mounted infantry , who used horses for mobility but dismounted to fight on foot . 
Dulcimer ::   a dulcimer is a type of musical string instrument . 
Destroyer ::   in naval terminology , a destroyer is a fast , maneuverable long - endurance warship intended to escort larger vessels in a fleet , convoy or battle group and defend them against smaller powerful short - range attackers . 
Demiurge :: 
Distributism ::   distributism ( also known as distributionism or distributivism ) is an economic ideology that developed in europe in the late 19th and early 20th century based upon the principles of catholic social teaching , especially the teachings of pope leo xiii in his encyclical " rerum novarum " and pope pius xi in " quadragesimo anno " . 
Dehydroepiandrosterone ::   dehydroepiandrosterone ( dhea ) , also known as androstenolone , is an endogenous steroid hormone . 
Dundee ::   dundee (; ) , officially the city of dundee , is scotland 's fourth - largest city and the 51st - most - populous built - up area in the united kingdom . 
Digimon ::   digimon ( " dejimon " , branded as digimon : digital monsters , stylized as digimon ) , short for " digital monsters " ( " dejitaru monsutā " ) , is a japanese media franchise encompassing virtual pet toys , anime , manga , video games , films and a trading card game . 
Datura ::   datura is a genus of nine species of poisonous vespertine flowering plants belonging to the family solanaceae . 
Dandy ::   a dandy , historically , is a man who places particular importance upon physical appearance , refined language , and leisurely hobbies , pursued with the appearance of nonchalance in a cult of self . 
Defendant ::   a defendant is a person accused of a crime in criminal prosecution or with a person against whom some type of civil relief is being sought in a civil case . 
Dryope ::   in greek mythology , 
Deconstruction ::   deconstruction is philosopher jacques derrida 's critique of the relationship between text and meaning . 
Despina ::   despina is a given name for girls , meaning ' lady ' in greek . 
Discrimination ::   in human social affairs , discrimination is treatment or consideration of , or making a distinction in favor of or against , a person based on the group , class , or category to which the person is perceived to belong rather than on individual attributes . 
Diene ::   in organic chemistry a diene ( ) or diolefin ( ) is a hydrocarbon that contains two carbon double bonds . 
Diatessaron ::   the diatessaron ; ( ) , ( c. 160–175 ) is the most prominent early gospel harmony , and was created by tatian , an early christian assyrian apologist and ascetic . 
Damascus ::   damascus ( ' , ) is the capital and likely the largest city of syria , following the decline in population of aleppo due to the battle for the city . 
Dsungaripterus ::   dsungaripterus was a genus of pterosaur , with an average wingspan of . 
Decipherment ::   in philology , decipherment is the discovery of the meaning of texts written in ancient or obscure languages or scripts . 
DARPA ::   the defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ) is an agency of the u.s. department of defense responsible for the development of emerging technologies for use by the military . 
Dunstan ::   dunstan ( 909   – 19 may 988 ad ) was successively abbot of glastonbury abbey , bishop of worcester , bishop of london , and archbishop of canterbury , later canonised as a saint . 
Deprogramming ::   deprogramming refers to measures that claim to assist a person who holds a controversial belief system in changing those beliefs and abandon allegiance to the religious , political , economic , or social group associated with the belief system . 
DASS1 ::   digital access signalling system 1 ( dass1 ) is a proprietary protocol defined by british telecom to provide isdn services in the united kingdom . 
DASS2 ::   digital access signalling system 2 ( dass2 ) is an obsolescent protocol defined by british telecom for digital links to pstn based on isdn . 
Devanagari ::   devanagari ( ; , , a compound of " " deva " " and " " nāgarī " " ; hindi pronunciation : ) , also called nagari ( " nāgarī " , ) , is an abugida ( alphasyllabary ) alphabet of india and nepal . 
Dagger ::   a dagger is a knife with a very sharp point and two or more sharp edges . 
DirkJan ::   dirkjan is a dutch comic strip series , created in 1989 by dutch author and artist mark retera . 
Dachau ::   dachau ( ) is a town in upper bavaria , in the southern part of germany . 
Drosophila ::   drosophila ( ) is a genus of flies , belonging to the family drosophilidae , whose members are often called " small fruit flies " or ( less frequently ) pomace flies , vinegar flies , or wine flies , a reference to the characteristic of many species to linger around overripe or rotting fruit . 
Dictatorship ::   dictatorship is a form of government in which a country or a group of countries is ruled by one person ( a dictator ) or by a polity , and power ( social and political ) is exercised through various mechanisms to ensure that the entity 's power remains strong . 
Derry ::   derry ( ) , officially londonderry ( ) , is the second - largest city in northern ireland and the fourth - largest city on the island of ireland . 
Dolphin ::   dolphins are a widely distributed and diverse group of aquatic mammals . 
Dhimmi ::   a ( " " , , collectively " / " " the people of the " dhimma " " ) is a historical term referring to non - muslim citizens of an islamic state . 
Dimona ::   dimona ( ) is an israeli city in the negev desert , to the south of beersheba and west of the dead sea above the arava valley in the southern district of israel . 
Diophantus ::   little is known about the life of diophantus . 
Dacoity ::   dacoity is a term used for " banditry " in bengali , odiya , hindi , kannada and urdu . 
Devo ::   devo ( , originally ) is an american post - punk band that formed in 1973 , consisting of members from kent and akron , ohio . 
Davros ::   davros is a character from the long - running british science fiction television series " doctor who " . 
Dalek ::   the daleks ( ) are a fictional extraterrestrial race of mutants principally portrayed in the british science fiction television programme " doctor who " . 
E ::   e ( named " e " , plural " ees " ) is the fifth letter and the second vowel in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Economics ::   economics ( uk english : , ; us english : , ) is " a social science concerned chiefly with description and analysis of the production , distribution , and consumption of goods and services " . 
Earth ::   earth is the third planet from the sun and the only object in the universe known to harbor life . 
Evolution ::   evolution is change in the heritable characteristics of biological populations over successive generations . 
Europe ::   europe is a continent located entirely in the northern hemisphere and mostly in the eastern hemisphere . 
Euglenozoa ::   the euglenozoa are a large group of flagellate excavates . 
Epistemology ::   epistemology (; ) is the branch of philosophy concerned with the theory of knowledge . 
Esperanto ::   esperanto ( or ; in esperanto : ) is a constructed international auxiliary language . 
Engineering ::   engineering is the application of mathematics , science , economics , and social and practical knowledge to invent , innovate , design , build , maintain , research , and improve structures , machines , tools , systems , components , materials , processes , solutions , and organizations . 
Education ::   education is the process of facilitating learning , or the acquisition of knowledge , skills , values , beliefs , and habits . 
Encyclopedia ::   an encyclopedia or encyclopaedia is a reference work or compendium providing summaries of information from either all branches of knowledge or from a particular field or discipline . 
Enzyme ::   enzymes are macromolecular biological catalysts . 
Ethics ::   ethics or moral philosophy is a branch of philosophy that involves systematizing , defending , and recommending concepts of right and wrong conduct . 
Entertainment ::   entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience , or gives pleasure and delight . 
Ether ::   ethers ( ) are a class of organic compounds that contain an ether group — an oxygen atom connected to two alkyl or aryl groups . 
Ecliptic ::   the ecliptic is the circular path on the celestial sphere that the sun appears to follow over the course of a year ; it is the basis of the ecliptic coordinate system . 
Ellipse ::   in mathematics , an ellipse is a curve in a plane surrounding two focal points such that the sum of the distances to the two focal points is constant for every point on the curve . 
Elephant ::   elephants are large mammals of the family elephantidae and the order proboscidea . 
ECHELON ::   echelon , originally a secret government code name , is a surveillance program ( signals intelligence / sigint collection and analysis network ) operated by the us with the aid of four other signatory nations to the ukusa security agreement — australia , canada , new zealand , the united kingdom and the united states , also known as the " five eyes " . 
Equation ::   in mathematics , an equation is a statement of an equality containing one or more variables . 
Ediacaran ::   the ediacaran period ( ) , spans 94 million years from the end of the cryogenian period 635 million years ago ( mya ) , to the beginning of the cambrian period 541 mya . 
Erotica ::   erotica is any artistic work that deals substantively with erotically stimulating or sexually arousing subject matter . 
Existence ::   existence , in its most generic terms , comprises the state of being real and the ability to physically interact with the universe or multiverse . 
Endocrinology ::   endocrinology ( from greek , " endon " , " within " ; , " krīnō " , " to separate " ; and , " -logia " ) is a branch of biology and medicine dealing with the endocrine system , its diseases , and its specific secretions known as hormones . 
England ::   england is a country that is part of the united kingdom . 
Eriocaulales ::   eriocaulales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
Ericales ::   the ericales are a large and diverse order of dicotyledons , including , for example , tea , persimmon , blueberry , brazil nut , and azalea . 
English ::   english usually refers to : english may also refer to : 
Easter ::   easter , also called pascha ( greek , latin ) or resurrection sunday , is a festival and holiday celebrating the resurrection of jesus from the dead , described in the new testament as having occurred on the third day of his burial after his crucifixion by the romans at calvary 30 ad . 
Euclid ::   euclid (; , " eukleidēs " ; c. 325 bc - c. 270 bc ; fl . 300 bc ) , sometimes given the name " euclid of alexandria " to distinguish him from euclides of megara , was a greek mathematician , often referred to as the " founder of geometry " , and the " father of geometry " . 
Ecuador ::   ecuador ( , ) ( ) , officially the republic of ecuador ( , which literally translates as " republic of the equator " ; ) , is a representative democratic republic in northwestern south america , bordered by colombia on the north , peru on the east and south , and the pacific ocean to the west . 
Ecuadorians ::   the majority of ecuadorians trace their origins to one or more of three geographical sources of human migrations : the pre - hispanic indigenous populations who settled the region over 15,000 years ago , the europeans ( principally spaniards ) who arrived over five centuries ago , and ultimately the black sub - saharan africans whom they imported as slave labor during the same period . 
Eocene ::   the eocene ( ) epoch , lasting from , is a major division of the geologic timescale and the second epoch of the paleogene period in the cenozoic era . 
Eindhoven ::   eindhoven ( ) is a municipality and a city in the south of the netherlands , originally at the confluence of the dommel and gender streams . 
Helsingør ::   helsingør ( ) , classically known in english as elsinore , is a city in eastern denmark . 
Ericsson ::   ericsson ( " telefonaktiebolaget l. m. ericsson " ) is a multinational networking and telecommunications equipment and services company headquartered in stockholm , sweden . 
Ethology ::   ethology is the scientific and objective study of animal behaviour , usually with a focus on behaviour under natural conditions , and viewing behaviour as an evolutionarily adaptive trait . 
Election ::   an election is a formal group decision - making process by which a population chooses an individual to hold public office . 
Enniskillen ::   enniskillen ( , ) is a town and civil parish in county fermanagh , northern ireland . 
Externalization ::   in freudian psychology , externalization is an unconscious defense mechanism by which an individual " projects " his or her own internal characteristics onto the outside world , particularly onto other people . 
Euro ::   the euro ( sign : € ; code : eur ) is the official currency of the eurozone , which consists of 19 of the member states of the european union : austria , belgium , cyprus , estonia , finland , france , germany , greece , ireland , italy , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , malta , the netherlands , portugal , slovakia , slovenia , and spain . 
Electron ::   the electron is a subatomic particle , symbol or , with a negative elementary electric charge . 
Europium ::   europium is a chemical element with symbol eu and atomic number 63 . 
Erbium ::   erbium is a chemical element with symbol er and atomic number 68 . 
Einsteinium ::   einsteinium is a synthetic element with symbol es and atomic number 99 . 
Erfurt ::   erfurt ( ) is the capital and largest city in the state of thuringia , central germany . 
Enya ::   eithne pádraigín ní bhraonáin ( anglicised as enya patricia brennan ; born 17 may 1961 ) , better known professionally as enya , is an irish singer , songwriter , musician , and producer . 
Epsilon ::   epsilon ( uppercase ' , lowercase ' or lunate ; ) is the fifth letter of the greek alphabet , corresponding phonetically to a . 
Eta ::   eta ( uppercase ' , lowercase ' ; " ē̂ta " or " ita " ) is the seventh letter of the greek alphabet . 
Eskimo ::   the eskimo are the indigenous peoples who have traditionally inhabited the northern circumpolar region from eastern siberia ( russia ) , across alaska ( united states ) , canada , and greenland . 
Epiphenomenalism ::   epiphenomenalism is a mind– 
Esperantujo ::   esperantujo ( ) or esperantio ( meaning " esperanto - land " ) is the community of speakers of the constructed international auxiliary language esperanto and their culture , as well the places and institutions where the language is used , referred to ' as if it were a country ' . 
Ethernet ::   ethernet is a family of computer networking technologies commonly used in local area networks ( lan ) , metropolitan area networks ( man ) and wide area networks ( wan ) . 
Endometrium ::   the endometrium is the inner epithelial layer , along with its mucous membrane , of the mammalian uterus . 
Electromagnetism ::   electromagnetism is a branch of physics involving the study of the electromagnetic force , a type of physical interaction that occurs between electrically charged particles . 
Euphemism ::   a euphemism is a generally innocuous word or expression used in place of one that may be found offensive or suggest something unpleasant . 
Electricity ::   electricity is the set of physical phenomena associated with the presence of electric charge . 
Empedocles ::   empedocles (; , " empedoklēs " ; c. 490 – c. 430 bc ) was a greek pre - socratic philosopher and a citizen of acragas ( agrigentum ) , a greek city in sicily . 
Ericaceae ::   the ericaceae are a family of flowering plants , commonly known as the heath or heather family , found most commonly in acid and infertile growing conditions . 
Egoism ::   egoism is an ethical theory that treats self - interest as the foundation of morality . 
Endomorphism ::   in mathematics , an endomorphism is a morphism ( or homomorphism ) from a mathematical object to itself . 
Euthanasia ::   euthanasia ( from ; " good death " : εὖ , " eu " ; " well " or " good " – θάνατος , " thanatos " ; " death " ) is the practice of intentionally ending a life to relieve pain and suffering . 
Existentialism ::   existentialism ( ) is a tradition of philosophical enquiry associated mainly with certain 19th and 20th - century european philosophers who , despite profound doctrinal differences , shared the belief that philosophical thinking begins with the human subject — not merely the thinking subject , but the acting , feeling , living human individual . 
Ellipsis ::   an ellipsis ( plural ellipses ; from the , " élleipsis " , " omission " or " falling short " ) is a series of dots ( typically three , such as " … " ) that usually indicates an intentional omission of a word , sentence , or whole section from a text without altering its original meaning . 
Electronvolt ::   in physics , the electronvolt ( symbol ev , also written electron - volt and electron volt ) is a unit of energy equal to approximately joules ( symbol j ) . 
Electrochemistry ::   electrochemistry is the branch of physical chemistry that studies the relationship between electricity , as a measurable and quantitative phenomenon , and identifiable chemical change , with either electricity considered an outcome of a particular chemical change or vice versa . 
Edinburgh ::   edinburgh ( or ; ) is the capital city of scotland and one of its 32 council areas . 
E-commerce ::   e - commerce is a transaction of buying or selling online . 
Element ::   element often refers to a chemical element , a pure substance of one type of atom . 
Extremophile ::   an extremophile ( from latin ' meaning " extreme " and greek ' ( ) meaning " love " ) is an organism that thrives in physically or geochemically extreme conditions that are detrimental to most life on earth . 
Enlil ::   enlil ( , " lord storm " ) was the ancient mesopotamian god of wind , air , earth , and storms . 
Ecology ::   ecology ( from , " house " , or " environment " ; -λογία , " study of " ) is the scientific analysis and study of interactions among organisms and their environment . 
Ecosystem ::   an ecosystem is a community of living organisms in conjunction with the nonliving components of their environment ( things like air , water and mineral soil ) , interacting as a system . 
Engine ::   an engine or motor is a machine designed to convert one form of energy into mechanical energy . 
Energy ::   in physics , energy is the property that must be transferred to an object in order to perform work on , or to heat , the object . 
Endocarditis ::   endocarditis is an inflammation of the inner layer of the heart , the endocardium . 
Electronics ::   electronics is the science of controlling electrical energy electrically , in which the electrons have a fundamental role . 
Erewhon ::   erewhon : or , over the range is a novel by samuel butler which was first published anonymously in 1872 . 
Evolutionism ::   evolutionism was a common 19th century belief that organisms inherently improve themselves through progressive inherited change over time ( orthogenesis ) , and increase in complexity through evolution . 
Entscheidungsproblem ::   in mathematics and computer science , the ( , german for " decision problem " ) is a challenge posed by david hilbert in 1928 
Einhard ::   einhard ( also eginhard or einhart ; ; 775 – march 14 , 840 ad ) was a frankish scholar and courtier . 
Ester ::   in chemistry , an ester is a chemical compound derived from an acid ( organic or inorganic ) in which at least one –oh ( hydroxyl ) group is replaced by an –o – alkyl ( alkoxy ) group . 
Endosymbiont ::   an endosymbiont or endobiont is any organism that lives to mutual benefit within the body or cells of another organism , i.e. in an endosymbiosis ( greek : ἔνδον " endon " " within " , σύν " syn " " together " and βίωσις " biosis " " living " ) . 
Erosion ::   in earth science , erosion is the action of surface processes ( such as water flow or wind ) that remove soil , rock , or dissolved material from one location on the earth 's crust , and then transport it away to another location . 
Electronegativity ::   electronegativity , symbol " χ " , is a chemical property that describes the tendency of an atom to attract electrons ( or electron density ) towards itself . 
Excalibur ::   excalibur , or caliburn , is the legendary sword of king arthur , sometimes also attributed with magical powers or associated with the rightful sovereignty of great britain . 
Eight-ball ::   eight - ball ( often spelled 8-ball or eightball , and sometimes called solids and stripes , spots and stripes in the uk or , more rarely , bigs and littles / smalls , highs and lows , halves and wholes ) is a pool ( pocket billiards ) game popular in much of the world , and the subject of international professional and amateur competition . 
Eugenics ::   eugenics (; from greek εὐγενής " eugenes " ' well - born ' from εὖ " eu " , ' good , well ' and γένος " genos " , ' race , stock , kin ' ) is a set of beliefs and practices that aims at improving the genetic quality of a human population . 
Email ::   electronic mail ( email or e - mail ) is a method of exchanging messages between people using electronics . 
Emoticon ::   an emoticon ( , , rarely pronounced ) is a pictorial representation of a facial expression using punctuation marks , numbers and letters , usually written to express a person 's feelings or mood . 
Exabyte ::   the exabyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
Era ::   an era is a span of time defined for the purposes of chronology or historiography , as in the regnal eras in the history of a given monarchy , a calendar era used for a given calendar , or the geological eras defined for the history of earth . 
Eschatology ::   eschatology is a part of theology concerned with the final events of history , or the ultimate destiny of humanity . 
Exoplanet ::   an exoplanet ( , ) or extrasolar planet is a planet outside of our solar system that orbits a star . 
Equuleus ::   equuleus is a constellation . 
Eridanus ::   the name “ 
Eucharist ::   the eucharist (; also called holy communion or the lord 's supper , among other names ) is a christian rite that is considered a sacrament in most churches and an ordinance in others . 
Eclipse ::   an eclipse is an astronomical event that occurs when an astronomical object is temporarily obscured , either by passing into the shadow of another body or by having another body pass between it and the viewer . 
Edlin ::   edlin is a line editor , and the only text editor provided with early versions of ms - dos . 
EBCDIC ::   extended binary coded decimal interchange code ( ebcdic ) is an eight - bit character encoding used mainly on ibm mainframe and ibm midrange computer operating systems . 
Earthdawn ::   earthdawn is a fantasy role - playing game , originally produced by fasa in 1993 . 
Euripides ::   euripides ( or ; ; ) ( c. 480 – c. 406 bc ) was a tragedian of classical athens . 
Ennius ::   quintus ennius (; c. 239 – c. 169 bc ) was a writer and poet who lived during the roman republic . 
Ethnocentrism ::   ethnocentrism is judging another culture solely by the values and standards of one 's own culture . 
Ethylene ::   ethylene ( iupac name : ethene ) is a hydrocarbon which has the formula or hc = ch . 
Ezra ::   ezra (; , ' ; fl . 
Elijah ::   elijah ( , meaning " my god is yahu / jah " ) or elias (; " elías " ; " elyāe " ; arabic : إلياس or إليا , " ilyās " or " ilyā " ) was a prophet and a miracle worker who lived in the northern kingdom of israel during the reign of ahab ( 9th century bc ) , according to the books of kings in the hebrew bible . 
Ephesus ::   ephesus (; " ephesos " ; ; may ultimately derive from hittite " apasa " ) was an ancient greek city on the coast of ionia , three kilometres southwest of present - day selçuk in izmir province , turkey . 
JavaScript ::   javascript ( ) , often abbreviated as js , is a high - level , dynamic , weakly typed , prototype - based , multi - paradigm , and interpreted programming language . 
Exile ::   to be in exile means to be away from one 's home ( i.e. city , state , or country ) , while either being explicitly refused permission to return or being threatened with imprisonment or death upon return . 
Elbląg ::   elbląg (; old prussian : " elbings " ) is a city in northern poland on the eastern edge of the żuławy region with 124,257 inhabitants ( december 31 , 2011 ) . 
Erg ::   the erg is a unit of energy and work equal to 10 joules . 
Everway ::   everway is a fantasy role - playing game first published by wizards of the coast under their alter ego brand in the mid-1990s . 
Entropy ::   in statistical mechanics , entropy ( usual symbol ) is related to the number of microscopic configurations that a thermodynamic system can have when in a state as specified by some macroscopic variables . 
Expert ::   an expert is someone who has a prolonged or intense experience through practice and education in a particular field . 
Elf ::   an elf ( plural : " elves " ) is a type of human - shaped supernatural being in germanic mythology and folklore . 
Evil ::   evil , in a general context , is the absence or opposite of that which is described as being good . 
Esther ::   esther (; ) , born hadassah , is the eponymous heroine of the book of esther . 
Entamoeba ::   entamoeba is a genus of amoebozoa found as internal parasites or commensals of animals . 
Ecclesiastes ::   ecclesiastes (; greek : ἐκκλησιαστής , " ekklēsiastēs " , , " qōheleṯ " ) is one of 24 books of the tanakh or hebrew bible , where it is classified as one of the " ketuvim " ( or " writings " ) . 
Ezekiel ::   ezekiel (; , " y'ḥez'qel " , ) is the central protagonist of the book of ezekiel in the hebrew bible . 
Eubulides ::   eubulides (; fl . 4th century bce ) of miletus was a philosopher of the megarian school , and a pupil of euclid of megara . 
Ethnology ::   ethnology ( from the greek " ἔθνος " , " ethnos " meaning " nation " ) is the branch of anthropology that compares and analyzes the characteristics of different peoples and the relationship between them ( cf . 
Amplifier ::   an amplifier , electronic amplifier or ( informally ) amp is an electronic device that can increase the power of a signal ( a time - varying voltage or current ) . 
Eadgyth ::   edith of england , also spelt eadgyth or ædgyth ( , ; 910 – 26 january 946 ) , a member of the house of wessex , was german queen from 936 until her death , by her marriage with king otto i. edith was born to the reigning english king edward the elder by his second wife , ælfflæd , and hence was a granddaughter of king alfred the great . 
EasyWriter ::   easywriter was a word processor first written for the apple ii series computer in 1979 , the first word processor for that platform . 
Nitrox ::   nitrox refers to any gas mixture composed ( excepting trace gases ) of nitrogen and oxygen . 
Essenes ::   the essenes ( in modern hebrew : , " isiyim " ; greek : ἐσσηνοί , ἐσσαῖοι , or ὀσσαῖοι , " essenoi , essaioi , ossaioi " ) were a sect of second temple judaism that flourished from the 2nd century bc to the 1st century ad which some scholars claim seceded from the zadokite priests . 
Edda ::   " edda " (; old norse " edda " , plural " eddur " ) is an old norse term that has been attributed by modern scholars to the collective of two medieval icelandic literary works : what is now known as the " prose edda " and an older collection of poems without an original title now known as the " poetic edda " . 
EastEnders ::   eastenders is a long - running british soap opera created by julia smith and tony holland which has been broadcast on bbc one since 1985 . 
Embroidery ::   embroidery is the handicraft of decorating fabric or other materials using a needle to apply thread or yarn . 
Evoluon ::   the evoluon is a conference centre and former science museum erected by the electronics and electrical company philips at eindhoven in the netherlands in 1966 . 
Electrode ::   an electrode is an electrical conductor used to make contact with a nonmetallic part of a circuit ( e.g. a semiconductor , an electrolyte , a vacuum or air ) . 
MDMA ::   3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine ( mdma ) , commonly known as ecstasy ( e ) , is a psychoactive drug used primarily as a recreational drug . 
Elfenland ::   elfenland is a german - style board game designed by alan r. moon and published by amigo spiele in german and rio grande games in english in 1998 . 
Euroscepticism ::   euroscepticism ( also known as eu - scepticism , from the greek word " scepsis " meaning doubt ) means criticism of the european union ( eu ) . 
Estimator ::   in statistics , an estimator is a rule for calculating an estimate of a given quantity based on observed data : thus the rule ( the estimator ) , the quantity of interest ( the estimand ) and its result ( the estimate ) are distinguished . 
Emerald ::   emerald is a gemstone and a variety of the mineral beryl ( beal(sio ) ) colored green by trace amounts of chromium and sometimes vanadium . 
Ethanol ::   ethanol , also called alcohol , ethyl alcohol , and drinking alcohol , is a compound and simple alcohol with the chemical formula . 
Etiology ::   etiology (; alternatively aetiology or ætiology ) is the study of causation , or origination . 
Epicurus ::   epicurus ( or ; , " ally , comrade " ; 341–270 bc ) was an ancient greek philosopher who founded the school of philosophy called epicureanism . 
Epitaph ::   an epitaph ( from greek " epitaphios " " a funeral oration " from ἐπί " epi " " at , over " and τάφος " taphos " " tomb " ) is a short text honouring a deceased person . 
Epigram ::   an epigram is a brief , interesting , memorable , and sometimes surprising or satirical statement . 
Enjambment ::   in poetry , enjambment (; from the french " enjambement " ) is incomplete syntax at the end of a line ; the meaning runs over from one poetic line to the next , without terminal punctuation . 
Erythromycin ::   erythromycin is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections . 
Eurostar ::   eurostar is a high - speed railway service connecting london with avignon , brussels , lille , lyon , marseille and paris . 
Equinox ::   an equinox is the moment in which the plane of earth 's equator passes through the centre of the sun 's disc , which occurs twice each year , around 20 march and 23 september . 
Earthquake ::   an earthquake ( also known as a quake , tremor or temblor ) is the shaking of the surface of the earth , resulting from the sudden release of energy in the earth 's lithosphere that creates seismic waves . 
Emperor ::   an emperor ( through old french " empereor " from latin imperator ) is a monarch , usually the sovereign ruler of an empire or another type of imperial realm . 
Egalitarianism ::   egalitarianism ( ) – or equalitarianism – is a school of thought that prioritizes equality for all people . 
Endocytosis ::   endocytosis is a form of active transport in which a cell transports molecules ( such as proteins ) into the cell ( " endo- " + " cytosis " ) by engulfing them in an energy - using process . 
Epimetheus ::   epimetheus may mean one of several things : 
Erinyes ::   in greek mythology the erinyes (; sing . 
Erasmus ::   desiderius erasmus roterodamus (; 28 october 1466 – 12 july 1536 ) , known as erasmus or erasmus of rotterdam , was a dutch renaissance humanist , catholic priest , social critic , teacher , and theologian . 
Empire ::   an empire is defined as " an aggregate of nations or people ruled over by an emperor or other powerful sovereign or government , usually a territory of greater extent than a kingdom , as the former persian empire , british empire , french empire , russian empire , byzantine empire or roman empire " . 
Eurystheus ::   in greek mythology , eurystheus (; meaning " broad strength " in folk etymology and pronounced ) was king of tiryns , one of three mycenaean strongholds in the argolid , although other authors including homer and euripides cast him as ruler of argos . 
Enron ::   enron corporation was an american energy , commodities , and services company based in houston , texas . 
Eusebius ::   eusebius of caesarea (; , " eusébios tés kaisareías " ;   260/265   – 339/340 ) , also known as eusebius pamphili , was a historian of christianity , exegete , and christian polemicist . 
Empiricism ::   empiricism is a theory that states that knowledge comes only or primarily from sensory experience . 
Estampie ::   the estampie ( , occitan and , ) is a medieval dance and musical form which was a popular instrumental and vocal form in the 13th and 14th centuries . 
Environmentalist ::   an environmentalist is a supporter of the goals of the environmental movement , " a political and ethical movement that seeks to improve and protect the quality of the natural environment through changes to environmentally harmful human activities " . 
Edo ::   , also romanized as jedo , yedo or yeddo , is the former name of tokyo . 
Eth ::   eth ( , uppercase : ð , lowercase : ð ; also spelled edh or eð ) is a letter used in old english , middle english , icelandic , faroese ( in which it is called " edd " ) , and elfdalian . 
Euphrates ::   the euphrates (; sumerian : " buranuna " , " purattu " , " al - furāt " , " pǝrāt " , : " yeprat " , " perat " , , ) is the longest and one of the most historically important rivers of western asia . 
E-Prime ::   e - prime ( short for english - prime or english prime , sometimes denoted é or e′ ) is a version of the english language that excludes all forms of the verb " to be " , including all conjugations , contractions and archaic forms . 
Equidae ::   equidae ( sometimes known as the horse family ) is the taxonomic family of horses and related animals , including the extant horses , donkeys , and zebras , and many other species known only from fossils . 
ELIZA ::   eliza is an early natural language processing computer program created from 1964 to 1966 at the mit artificial intelligence laboratory by joseph weizenbaum . 
Exon ::   an exon is any part of a gene that will encode a part of the final mature rna produced by that gene after introns have been removed by rna splicing . 
Exxon ::   exxon was the brand name of oil and natural resources company exxon corporation , prior to 1972 known as standard oil company of new jersey . 
Extrapyramidal ::   extrapyramidal can refer to : 
Epinephrine ::   epinephrine , also known as adrenalin or adrenaline , is a hormone , neurotransmitter , and medication . 
Enterobacteriaceae ::   the enterobacteriaceae are a large family of gram - negative bacteria that includes , along with many harmless symbionts , many of the more familiar pathogens , such as " salmonella " , " escherichia coli " , " yersinia pestis " , " klebsiella " , and " shigella " . 
Epipaleolithic ::   epipaleolithic is a term used for the " final upper palaeolithic industries occurring at the end of the final glaciation which appear to merge technologically into the mesolithic " . 
Enthalpy ::   enthalpy is a measurement of energy in a thermodynamic system . 
Hirohito :: 
Emsworth ::   emsworth is a small town in hampshire on the south coast of england , near the border of west sussex . 
Emulsion ::   an emulsion is a mixture of two or more liquids that are normally immiscible ( unmixable or unblendable ) . 
Encryption ::   in cryptography , encryption is the process of encoding a message or information in such a way that only authorized parties can access it . 
Ethnologue ::   ethnologue : languages of the world is an annual reference publication in print and online that provides statistics and other information on the living languages of the world . 
Evaporation ::   evaporation is a type of vaporization of a liquid that occurs from the surface of a liquid into a gaseous phase that is not saturated with the evaporating substance . 
Esbat ::   an esbat is a coven meeting at a time other than one of the sabbats within wicca and other wiccan - influenced forms of contemporary paganism . 
EverQuest ::   everquest is a 3d fantasy - themed massively multiplayer online role - playing game ( mmorpg ) released on march 16 , 1999 . 
EFTPOS ::   electronic funds transfer at point of sale ( eftpos ) is an electronic payment system involving electronic funds transfers based on the use of payment cards , such as debit or credit cards , at payment terminals located at points of sale . 
Excommunication ::   excommunication is an institutional act of religious censure used to deprive , suspend , or limit membership in a religious community or to restrict certain rights within it , in particular receiving of the sacraments . 
Ecdysis ::   ecdysis is the moulting of the cuticle in many invertebrates of the clade ecdysozoa . 
Eschrichtiidae ::   eschrichtiidae or the gray whales is a family of baleen whale ( suborder mysticeti ) with a single extant species , the gray whale ( " eschrichtius robustus " ) . 
Embouchure ::   embouchure or lipping is the use of the lips , facial muscles , tongue , and teeth in playing a wind instrument . 
Echolocation ::   echolocation is the use of " sound " as a form of navigation 
Evangelicalism ::   evangelicalism ( ) , evangelical christianity , or evangelical protestantism , is a worldwide , trans - denominational movement within protestant christianity which maintains the belief that the essence of the gospel consists of the doctrine of salvation by grace through faith in jesus christ 's atonement . 
Euphonium ::   the euphonium is a large , conical - bore , baritone - voiced brass instrument that derives its name from the ancient greek word " euphōnos " , meaning " well - sounding " or " sweet - voiced " ( " eu " means " well " or " good " and " phōnē " means " sound " , hence " of good sound " ) . 
Essay ::   an essay is , generally , a piece of writing that gives the author 's own argument — but the definition is vague , overlapping with those of an article , a pamphlet , and a short story . 
Econometrics ::   econometrics is the application of statistical methods to economic data and is described as the branch of economics that aims to give empirical content to economic relations . 
Emotion ::   emotion is any conscious experience characterized by intense mental activity and a high degree of pleasure or displeasure . 
Epictetus ::   epictetus (; , " epíktētos " ; ad 55 135 ) was a greek stoic philosopher . 
Eos ::   in greek mythology , ēōs (; ionic and homeric greek , attic " éōs " , " dawn " , or ; aeolic " aúōs " , doric " āṓs " ) is a titaness and the goddess of the dawn , who rose each morning from her home at the edge of the oceanus . 
Elba ::   elba ( , ; ; ancient greek : αἰθαλία , " aithalia " ) is a mediterranean island in tuscany , italy , from the coastal town of piombino . 
Etna ::   mount etna is an active volcano on the east coast of sicily . 
Enki ::   enki (; sumerian : ) is the ancient sumerian god of water , knowledge ( " gestú " , literally " ear " ) , mischief , crafts ( " gašam " ) , and creation ( " nudimmud " : " nu " , likeness , " dim mud " , make beer ) . 
Espionage ::   espionage ( colloquially , spying ) is the obtaining of secret or confidential information without the permission of the holder of the information . 
Reizei ::   reizei can refer to : 
Ichijō :: 
Sanjō :: 
Epilepsy ::   epilepsy is a group of neurological disorders characterized by epileptic seizures . 
EDIF ::   edif ( electronic design interchange format ) is a vendor - neutral format based on s - expressions in which to store electronic netlists and schematics . 
Flute ::   the flute is a family of musical instruments in the woodwind group . 
Finland ::   finland (; ; ) , officially the republic of finland , is a sovereign state in northern europe . 
Flagellate ::   a flagellate is a cell or organism with one or more whip - like appendages called flagella . 
Flavor ::   flavor ( american english ) or flavour ( british english ; see spelling differences ) is the sensory impression of food or other substance , and is determined primarily by the chemical senses of taste and smell . 
Factorial ::   in mathematics , the factorial of a non - negative integer " n " , denoted by " n " ! , is the product of all positive integers less than or equal to " n " . 
Fiddle ::   fiddle is another name for the bowed string musical instrument more often called a violin . 
Flugelhorn ::   the flugelhorn ( —also spelled fluegelhorn , flugel horn , or flügelhorn — from german , " wing horn , or flank horn " ) is a brass instrument pitched in b , and resembles a trumpet , but has a wider , conical bore . 
Fullerene ::   a fullerene is a molecule of carbon in the form of a hollow sphere , ellipsoid , tube , and many other shapes . 
Fredericton ::   fredericton (; ) is the capital of the canadian province of new brunswick . 
Food ::   food is any substance consumed to provide nutritional support for an organism . 
Fagales ::   the fagales are an order of flowering plants , including some of the best - known trees . 
Fabales ::   the fabales are an order of flowering plants included in the rosid group of the eudicots in the angiosperm phylogeny group ii classification system . 
Frisbee ::   a frisbee ( also called a flying disc or simply a disc ) is a gliding toy or sporting item that is generally plastic and roughly in diameter with a lip , used recreationally and competitively for throwing and catching , for example , in flying disc games . 
Fiji ::   fiji ( ; ; fiji hindi : फ़िजी ) , officially the republic of fiji (; fiji hindi : फ़िजी गणराज्य ) , is an island country in melanesia in the south pacific ocean about northeast of new zealand 's north island . 
Funk ::   funk is a music genre that originated in the mid-1960s when african american musicians created a rhythmic , danceable new form of music through a mixture of soul music , jazz , and rhythm and blues ( r&b ) . 
Frequency ::   frequency is the number of occurrences of a repeating event per unit of time . 
Franc ::   the franc ( ₣ ) is the name of several currency units . 
Francium ::   francium is a chemical element with symbol   fr and atomic number   87 . 
Fermium ::   fermium is a synthetic element with symbol fm and atomic number 100 . 
Fax ::   fax ( short for facsimile ) , sometimes called telecopying or telefax ( the latter short for telefacsimile ) , is the telephonic transmission of scanned printed material ( both text and images ) , normally to a telephone number connected to a printer or other output device . 
Fear ::   fear is a feeling induced by perceived danger or threat that occurs in certain types of organisms , which causes a change in metabolic and organ functions and ultimately a change in behavior , such as fleeing , hiding , or freezing from perceived traumatic events . 
F ::   f ( named " ef " ) is the sixth letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Fruit ::   in botany , a fruit is the seed - bearing structure in flowering plants ( also known as angiosperms ) formed from the ovary after flowering . 
February ::   february is the second month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars . 
FM-2030 ::   fm-2030 ( october 15 , 1930 – july 8 , 2000 ) was a belgian - born iranian - american author , teacher , transhumanist philosopher , futurist , consultant and athlete . 
Flanders ::   flanders ( , , ) is the dutch - speaking northern portion of belgium , although there are several overlapping definitions , including ones related to culture , language , politics and history . 
Fencing ::   fencing is a sport in which two competitors fight using ' rapier - style ' swords , called the foil , the épée , and the sabre ; winning points are made through the contact with an opponent . fencing was one of the first sports to be played in the olympics . 
Fugue ::   in music , a fugue ( ) is a contrapuntal compositional technique in two or more voices , built on a subject ( a musical theme ) that is introduced at the beginning in imitation ( repetition at different pitches ) and which recurs frequently in the course of the composition . 
Force ::   in physics , a force is any interaction that , when unopposed , will change the motion of an object . 
Foonly ::   foonly was a short - lived american computer company formed by dave poole , one of the principal super foonly designers as well as one of hackerdom 's more colourful personalities . 
Fractal ::   in mathematics a fractal is an abstract object used to describe and simulate naturally occurring objects . 
Fluid ::   in physics , a fluid is a substance that continually deforms ( flows ) under an applied shear stress . 
FAQ ::   frequently asked questions ( faq ) or questions and answers ( q&a ) , are listed questions and answers , all supposed to be commonly asked in some context , and pertaining to a particular topic . 
Fontainebleau ::   fontainebleau (; ) is a commune in the metropolitan area of paris , france . 
Fusion ::   fusion , or synthesis , is the process of combining two or more distinct entities into a new whole . 
Fossil ::   a fossil ( from classical latin " fossilis " ; literally , " obtained by digging " ) is any preserved remains , impression , or trace of any once - living thing from a past geological age . 
Forgetting ::   forgetting or disremembering is the apparent loss or modification of information already encoded and stored in an individual 's long - term memory . 
Fenrir ::   in the " prose edda " , additional information is given about fenrir , including that , due to the gods ' knowledge of prophecies foretelling great trouble from fenrir and his rapid growth , the gods bound him , and as a result fenrir bit off the right hand of the god týr . 
Functor ::   in mathematics , a functor is a type of mapping between categories arising in category theory . 
Fimbulwinter ::   in norse mythology , fimbulvetr ( or " fimbulvinter " ) , commonly rendered in english as fimbulwinter , is the immediate prelude to the events of ragnarök . 
Frankfurt ::   frankfurt , officially frankfurt am main ( " frankfurt on main " , ) , is a metropolis and the largest city in the german state of hesse and the fifth - largest city in germany , with a 2015 population of 732,688 within its administrative boundaries , and 2.3   million in its urban area . 
Freenet ::   freenet is a peer - to - peer platform for censorship - resistant communication . 
Formant ::   a formant , as defined by james jeans , is a harmonic of a note that is augmented by a resonance . 
Fin ::   a fin is a thin component or appendage attached to a larger body or structure . 
Freyr ::   freyr ( old norse : lord ) , sometimes anglicized as frey , is a widely attested god associated with sacral kingship , virility and prosperity , with sunshine and fair weather , and pictured as a phallic fertility god in norse mythology . 
Freyja ::   in norse mythology , freyja (; old norse for " ( the ) lady " ) is a goddess associated with love , sex , beauty , fertility , gold , seiðr , war , and death . 
Fat ::   fat is one of the three main macronutrients , along with carbohydrate and protein . 
FIFA ::   the ( fifa ; french for " international federation of association football " ) is a private association which describes itself as an international governing body of association football , futsal , and beach soccer . 
Fascism ::   fascism is a form of radical authoritarian nationalism , characterized by dictatorial power , forcible suppression of opposition and control of industry and commerce that came to prominence in early 20th - century europe . 
Forge ::   a forge is a type of hearth used for heating metals , or the workplace ( smithy ) where such a hearth is located . 
Friction ::   friction is the force resisting the relative motion of solid surfaces , fluid layers , and material elements sliding against each other . 
Faith ::   faith is confidence or trust in a particular system of religious belief , in which faith may equate to confidence based on some perceived degree of warrant . 
Forest ::   a forest is a large area dominated by trees . 
Kite ::   a kite is traditionally a tethered heavier - than - air craft with wing surfaces that react against the air to create lift and drag . 
Fanzine ::   a fanzine ( blend of " fan " and " magazine " or " -zine " ) is a non - professional and non - official publication produced by enthusiasts of a particular cultural phenomenon ( such as a literary or musical genre ) for the pleasure of others who share their interest . 
Fatah ::   fataḥ ( ' ) , formerly the palestinian national liberation movement , is a palestinian nationalist political party and the largest faction of the confederated multi - party palestine liberation organization ( plo ) . 
Filioque ::   filioque ( ) is a latin term added to the original niceno - constantinopolitan creed ( commonly known as the nicene creed ) , and which has been the subject of great controversy between eastern and western christianity . 
Fiqh ::   fiqh (; ) is islamic jurisprudence . 
Freeciv ::   freeciv is a single , and multiplayer , turn - based strategy game for workstations and personal computers inspired by the proprietary " sid meier 's civilization " series . 
Fornax ::   fornax ( ) is a constellation in the southern sky , partly ringed by the celestial river eridanus . 
Fresco ::   fresco ( plural frescos or frescoes ) is a technique of mural painting executed upon freshly - laid , or wet lime plaster . 
Fire ::   fire is the rapid oxidation of a material in the exothermic chemical process of combustion , releasing heat , light , and various reaction products . 
FIDE ::   the fédération internationale des échecs or world chess federation is an international organization that connects the various national chess federations around the world and acts as the governing body of international chess competition . 
Finance ::   finance is a field that deals with the study of investments . 
Fortran ::   fortran (; formerly fortran , derived from " formula translation " ) is a general - purpose , imperative programming language that is especially suited to numeric computation and scientific computing . 
Fortaleza ::   fortaleza ( , locally , portuguese for " fortress " ) is the state capital of ceará , located in northeastern brazil . 
Foobar ::   the terms foobar ( ) , or foo and others are used as placeholder names ( also referred to as metasyntactic variables ) in computer programming or computer - related documentation . 
Funeral ::   a funeral is a ceremony connected with the burial , cremation , etc . of the body of a dead person , or the burial ( or equivalent ) with the attendant observances . 
Feminism ::   feminism is a range of political movements , ideologies , and social movements that share a common goal : to define , establish , and achieve political , economic , personal , and social equality of sexes . 
Fingerspelling ::   fingerspelling ( or dactylology ) is the representation of the letters of a writing system , and sometimes numeral systems , using only the hands . 
Ferrari ::   ferrari n.v. ( ) is an italian sports car manufacturer based in maranello . 
Freemasonry ::   freemasonry or masonry consists of fraternal organisations that trace their origins to the local fraternities of stonemasons , which from the end of the fourteenth century regulated the qualifications of stonemasons and their interaction with authorities and clients . 
Flatulence ::   flatulence is defined in the medical literature as " flatus expelled through the anus " or the " quality or state of being flatulent " , which is defined in turn as " marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach ; likely to cause digestive flatulence " . 
Falstaff ::   sir john falstaff is a fictional character who is mentioned in five plays by william shakespeare and appears on stage in three of them . 
Floorball ::   floorball is a type of floor hockey with five players and a goalkeeper in each team . 
Friesland ::   friesland (; official , ) or frisia is a province in the northwest of the netherlands . 
Fellatio ::   fellatio ( also known as fellation , and colloquially as blowjob , bj , giving head , or sucking off ) is an oral sex act involving the use of the mouth or throat , which is performed by a person on the penis of another person or oneself ( autofellatio ) . 
Fatwa ::   a fatwā (; plural fatāwā ) in the islamic faith is a nonbinding but authoritative legal opinion or learned interpretation that the sheikhul islam , a qualified jurist or mufti , can give on issues pertaining to the islamic law . 
Falsifiability ::   statements , hypotheses , or theories have falsifiability or refutability if there is the inherent possibility that they can be proven false . 
Freikorps ::   freikorps ( , " free corps " ) were german volunteer units that existed from the 18th to the early 20th centuries , the members of which effectively fought as mercenaries , regardless of their own nationality . 
Fruitarianism ::   fruitarianism ( ) is a diet that consists entirely or primarily of fruits in the botanical sense , and possibly nuts and seeds , without animal products . 
Floccinaucinihilipilification :: 
Felony ::   the term felony , in some common law countries , means a serious crime . 
Feudalism ::   feudalism was a combination of legal and military customs in medieval europe that flourished between the 9th and 15th centuries . 
Fox ::   foxes are small - to - medium - sized , omnivorous mammals belonging to several genera of the family canidae . 
Foundationalism ::   foundationalism concerns philosophical theories of knowledge resting upon justified belief , or some secure foundation of certainty such as a conclusion inferred from a basis of sound premises . 
Felidae ::   the biological family felidae is a lineage of carnivorans that includes the cats . 
Folklore ::   folklore is the expressive body of culture shared by a particular group of people ; it encompasses the traditions common to that culture , subculture or group . 
Flambards ::   flambards is a novel for children or young adults by k. m. peyton , first published by oxford university press in 1967 with illustrations by victor ambrus . 
Friends ::   friends ( stylized as f•r•i•e•n•d•s ) is an american television sitcom , created by david crane and marta kauffman , which aired on nbc from september 22 , 1994 , to may 6 , 2004 , lasting ten seasons . 
Frigg ::   in germanic mythology , frigg ( old norse ) , frija ( old high german ) , frea ( langobardic ) , and frige ( old english ) is a goddess . 
Franconia ::   franconia ( , also called " frankenland " ) is a region in germany , characterised by its culture and language , and may be roughly associated with the areas in which the east franconian dialect group , locally referred to as " fränkisch " , is spoken . 
FileMan ::   fileman is a set of utilities written by george timson in the late 1970s and early 1980s , using mumps , which provide a meta - data function for mumps applications . 
Forcemeat ::   forcemeat is a mixture of ground , lean meat mixed with fat by grinding , sieving , or puréeing the ingredients . 
Forseti ::   forseti ( old norse " the presiding one , " actually " president " in modern icelandic and faroese ) is an æsir god of justice and reconciliation in norse mythology . 
Flag ::   a flag is a piece of fabric ( most often rectangular or quadrilateral ) with a distinctive design that is used as a symbol , as a signaling device , or as decoration . 
Flores ::   flores ( indonesian : pulau flores ) is one of the lesser sunda islands , a group of islands in the eastern half of indonesia . 
Faster-than-light ::   faster - than - light ( also superluminal or ftl ) communication and travel refer to the propagation of information or matter faster than the speed of light . 
FTL ::   ftl may stand for : 
FidoNet ::   fidonet is a worldwide computer network that is used for communication between bulletin board systems ( bbses ) . 
Fatherland ::   fatherland is the nation of one 's " fathers " , " forefathers " or " ancestors " . 
Frigate ::   a frigate is any of several types of warship , the term having been used for ships of various sizes and roles over the last few centuries . 
Fuerteventura ::   fuerteventura (; literally meaning " strong fortune " but translated by some as " strong winds " or a corruption of the french term for " great adventure " ) is one of the canary islands , in the atlantic ocean off the coast of africa , politically part of spain . 
Furlong ::   a furlong is a measure of distance in imperial units and u.s. customary units equal to one - eighth of a mile , equivalent to 660 feet , 220 yards , 40 rods , or 10 chains . 
Fable ::   fable is a literary genre : a succinct fictional story , in prose or verse , that features animals , legendary creatures , plants , inanimate objects , or forces of nature that are anthropomorphized ( given human qualities , such as the ability to speak human language ) and that illustrates or leads to a particular moral lesson ( a " moral " ) , which may at the end be added explicitly as a pithy maxim . 
Foot ::   the foot ( plural feet ) is an anatomical structure found in many vertebrates . 
Fandom ::   fandom is a subculture composed of fans characterized by a feeling of empathy and camaraderie with others who share a common interest . 
Fly-by-wire ::   fly - by - wire ( fbw ) is a system that replaces the conventional manual flight controls of an aircraft with an electronic interface . 
Fahrenheit ::   the fahrenheit scale is a temperature scale based on one proposed in 1724 by amsterdam - based physicist daniel gabriel fahrenheit ( 1686–1736 ) , after whom the scale is named . 
Florence ::   florence ( ; ) is the capital city of the italian region of tuscany . 
FCO ::   fco may mean : 
Fermion ::   in particle physics , a fermion is a particle that follows fermi – dirac statistics . 
Futurians ::   the futurians were a group of science fiction ( sf ) fans , many of whom became editors and writers as well . 
Federalism ::   federalism is the mixed or compound mode of government , combining a general government ( the central or ' federal ' government ) with regional governments ( provincial , state , cantonal , territorial or other sub - unit governments ) in a single political system . 
Feedback ::   feedback occurs when outputs of a system are routed back as inputs as part of a chain of cause - and - effect that forms a circuit or loop . 
Furigana ::   furigana is most often written in hiragana , though katakana , alphabet letters or other kanji can also be used in certain special cases . 
Fluorescence ::   fluorescence is the emission of light by a substance that has absorbed light or other electromagnetic radiation . 
Flamenco ::   flamenco ( ) , in its strictest sense , is a professionalized art - form based on the various folkloric music traditions of southern spain in the autonomous communities of andalusia , extremadura and murcia . 
Fundamentalism ::   fundamentalism usually has a religious connotation that indicates unwavering attachment to a set of irreducible beliefs . 
Freeware ::   freeware is software that is available for use at no monetary cost . 
Franchising ::   franchising is the practice of the right to use a firm 's business model and brand for a prescribed period of time . 
Factoid ::   a factoid is either a false statement presented as a fact or a true , but brief or trivial item of news or information . 
Fashion ::   fashion is a popular style or practice , especially in clothing , footwear , accessories , makeup , hairstyle and body . 
Filtration ::   filtration is any of various mechanical , physical or biological operations that separate solids from fluids ( liquids or gases ) by adding a medium through which only the fluid can pass . 
Follies ::   follies is a musical with music and lyrics by stephen sondheim and a book by james goldman . 
Frasier ::   frasier is an american sitcom that was broadcast on nbc for eleven seasons , premiering on september 16 , 1993 , and concluding on may 13 , 2004 . 
Flirting ::   flirting or coquetry is a social and sometimes sexual behavior involving verbal or written communication , as well as body language , by one person to another , either to suggest interest in a deeper relationship with the other person , or if done playfully , for amusement . 
Finch ::   the true finches are small to medium - sized passerine birds in the family fringillidae . 
Flunitrazepam ::   flunitrazepam , also known as rohypnol among other names , is an intermediate acting benzodiazepine used in some countries to treat severe insomnia and in fewer , early in anesthesia . 
Finlandization ::   finlandization (; ; ) is the process by which one powerful country makes a smaller neighboring country abide by the former 's foreign policy rules , while allowing it to keep its nominal independence and its own political system . 
Fonni ::   fonni ( ) is a town and " comune " in sardinia , in the province of nuoro ( italy ) . 
Fasces ::   fasces ( , ( , , a " plurale tantum " , from the latin word " fascis " , meaning " bundle " ) is a bound bundle of wooden rods , sometimes including an axe with its blade emerging . 
FASA ::   fasa corporation was an american publisher of role - playing games , wargames and board games between 1980 and 2001 , after which they closed publishing operations for several years , becoming an ip holding company under the name fasa inc. 
Frost ::   frost is the coating or deposit of ice that may form in humid air in cold conditions , usually overnight . 
Fucking ::   fucking may be : 
Frisian ::   frisian usually refers to : frisian or friesian may also refer to : 
Felsic ::   in geology , felsic refers to igneous rocks that are relatively rich in elements that form feldspar and quartz . 
Frisians ::   the frisians are a germanic ethnic group indigenous to the coastal parts of the netherlands and northwestern germany . 
Ferromagnetism ::   ferromagnetism is the basic mechanism by which certain materials ( such as iron ) form permanent magnets , or are attracted to magnets . 
Glycine ::   glycine ( abbreviated as gly or g ) is the amino acid that has a single hydrogen atom as its side chain . 
GeekSpeak ::   geekspeak is a podcast with two to four hosts who focus on technology and technology news of the week . 
Guitar ::   the guitar is a fretted musical instrument that usually has six strings . 
Gnutella ::   gnutella ( with a silent " g " , but often ) ( possibly by analogy with the gnu project ) is a large peer - to - peer network . 
Gothenburg ::   gothenburg (; , ) is the second - largest city in sweden and the fifth - largest in the nordic countries . 
Germany ::   germany (; , ) , officially the federal republic of germany ( , ) , is a federal parliamentary republic in central - western europe . 
GNU ::   gnu is an operating system and an extensive collection of computer software . 
Gradualism ::   gradualism , from latin " gradus " ( " step " ) , is a hypothesis , a theory or a tenet assuming that change comes about gradually or that variation is gradual in nature . 
Golem ::   in jewish folklore , a golem ( ; ) is an animated anthropomorphic being that is magically created entirely from inanimate matter ( specifically clay or mud ) . 
Gambling ::   gambling is the wagering of money or something of value ( referred to as " the stakes " ) on an event with an uncertain outcome with the primary intent of winning money or material goods . 
Firearm ::   a firearm is a portable gun – a barreled ranged weapon that inflict damage on targets by launching one or more projectiles driven by rapidly expanding high - pressure gas produced by exothermic combustion ( deflagration ) of propellant within an ammunition cartridge . 
Guam ::   guam (; chamorro : " " ) is an unincorporated and organized territory of the united states in micronesia in the western pacific ocean . 
Gardening ::   gardening is the practice of growing and cultivating plants as part of horticulture . 
Graffiti ::   graffiti ( plural of " graffito " : " a graffito " , but " these graffiti " ) are writing or drawings that have been scribbled , scratched , or painted illicitly on a wall or other surface , often within public view . 
Godzilla ::   godzilla is depicted as an enormous , destructive , prehistoric sea monster awakened and empowered by nuclear radiation . 
Genealogy ::   genealogy ( from ' from ' , " generation " and ' , " knowledge " ) , also known as family history , is the study of families and the tracing of their lineages and history . 
Gabon ::   gabon (; ) , officially the gabonese republic ( ) , is a sovereign state on the west coast of central africa . 
Ghana ::   ghana ( ) , officially the republic of ghana , is a unitary presidential constitutional democracy , located along the gulf of guinea and atlantic ocean , in the subregion of west africa . 
Gdańsk ::   gdańsk ( , ; german : " " , ) is a polish city on the baltic coast . 
Graviton ::   in speculative theories of quantum gravity , the graviton is a hypothetical elementary particle that mediates the force of gravitation in the framework of quantum field theory ( qft ) . 
Gulf ::   a gulf is a large bay that is an arm of an ocean or sea . 
Greece ::   greece ( ) , officially the hellenic republic ( greek : ) , historically also known as hellas , is a country in southeastern europe , with a population of approximately million as of . 
Greenland ::   greenland (; , ; , ) is an autonomous constituent country within the kingdom of denmark between the arctic and atlantic oceans , east of the canadian arctic archipelago . 
Guernsey ::   guernsey ( ) is an island in the english channel off the coast of normandy . 
Guinea ::   guinea ( ) , officially the republic of guinea ( ) , is a country on the western coast of africa . 
Guinea-Bissau ::   guinea - bissau ( ) , officially the republic of guinea - bissau ( , ) , is a country in west africa . 
Geology ::   geology ( from the ancient greek γῆ , " gē " , i.e. " earth " and -λoγία , " -logia " , i.e. " study of , discourse " ) is an earth science concerned with the solid earth , the rocks of which it is composed , and the processes by which they change over time . 
Gleichschaltung ::   in nazi terminology , ( ) , was the process of nazification by which nazi germany successively established a system of totalitarian control and coordination over all aspects of society , " from the economy and trade associations to the media , culture and education " . 
GURPS ::   the generic universal roleplaying system , or gurps , is a tabletop role - playing game system designed to allow for play in any game setting . 
Government ::   a government is the system or group of people governing an organized community , often a state . 
Greenpeace ::   greenpeace is a non - governmental environmental organization with offices in over 40 countries and with an international coordinating body in amsterdam , the netherlands . 
Göktürks ::   the göktürks , celestial turks , blue turks or kok turks ( old turkic : 𐰜𐰇𐰛:𐱅𐰇𐰼𐰰 , " kök türük " , ; khotanese saka " ttūrka " , " ttrūka " , old tibetan " drugu " ) , were a nomadic confederation of turkic peoples in medieval inner asia . 
Gold ::   gold is a chemical element with symbol au ( from ) and atomic number 79 . 
Gallium ::   gallium is a chemical element with symbol   ga and atomic number   31 . 
Germanium ::   germanium is a chemical element with symbol   ge and atomic number   32 . 
Gadolinium ::   gadolinium is a chemical element with symbol   gd and atomic number 64 . 
G ::   g ( named " gee " ) is the 7th letter in the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Gamma ::   gamma ( uppercase , lowercase ; " gámma " ) is the third letter of the greek alphabet . 
Goitre ::   a goitre or goiter is a swelling in the neck resulting from an enlarged thyroid gland . 
Genetics ::   genetics is the study of genes , genetic variation , and heredity in living organisms . 
Ganglion ::   in anatomy , a ganglion ( ; plural ganglia ) is a nerve cell cluster or a group of nerve cell bodies located in the autonomic nervous system and sensory system . 
Grimoire ::   a grimoire ( ) is a textbook of magic , typically including instructions on how to create magical objects like talismans and amulets , how to perform magical spells , charms and divination , and how to summon or invoke supernatural entities such as angels , spirits , and demons . 
Gamete ::   a gamete ( from ancient greek γαμετή " gamete " from gamein " to marry " ) is a haploid cell that fuses with another haploid cell during fertilization ( conception ) in organisms that sexually reproduce . 
Gestation ::   gestation is the carrying of an embryo or fetus inside female viviparous animals . 
Galen ::   aelius galenus or claudius galenus (; ; september 129 ad – / ) , often anglicized as galen and better known as galen of pergamon ( ) , was a prominent greek physician , surgeon and philosopher in the roman empire . 
Glossolalia ::   glossolalia or speaking in tongues is a phenomenon in which people appear to speak in languages unknown to them . 
Gladiator ::   a gladiator ( , " swordsman " , from , " sword " ) was an armed combatant who entertained audiences in the roman republic and roman empire in violent confrontations with other gladiators , wild animals , and condemned criminals . 
Ghent ::   ghent (; ; ; ) is a city and a municipality in the flemish region of belgium . 
Guadeloupe ::   guadeloupe (; ; antillean creole : " gwadloup " ) is an insular region of france located in the leeward islands , part of the lesser antilles in the caribbean . administratively 
Gazpacho ::   gazpacho (; ) or andalusian gazpacho is a soup made of raw blended vegetables and served cold , originating in the southern spanish region of andalusia . 
Gnome ::   a gnome is a diminutive spirit in renaissance magic and alchemy , first introduced by paracelsus in the 16th century and later adopted by more recent authors including those of modern fantasy literature . 
Googolplex ::   a googolplex is the number 10 , or equivalently , 10 . 
Graphite ::   graphite ( ) , archaically referred to as plumbago , is a crystalline allotrope of carbon , a semimetal , a native element mineral , and a form of coal . 
Guild ::   a guild is an association of artisans or merchants who oversee the practice of their craft in a particular town . 
Gamemaster ::   a gamemaster ( gm ; also known as game master , game manager , game moderator or referee ) is a person who acts as an organizer , officiant for questions regarding rules , arbitrator , and moderator for a multiplayer role - playing game . 
Genome ::   in modern molecular biology and genetics , a genome is the genetic material of an organism . 
Gumby ::   gumby is an american clay animation franchise , centered on a green clay humanoid character created and modeled by art clokey . 
Gibberish ::   gibberish , alternatively jibberish , jibber - jabber , or gobbledygook , is language that is ( or appears to be ) nonsense . 
Guanosine ::   guanosine is a purine nucleoside comprising guanine attached to a ribose ( ribofuranose ) ring via a β-n - glycosidic bond . 
Genius ::   a genius is a person who displays exceptional intellectual ability , creative productivity , universality in genres or originality , typically to a degree that is associated with the achievement of new advances in a domain of knowledge . 
Grape ::   a grape is a fruit , botanically a berry , of the deciduous woody vines of the flowering plant genus " vitis " . 
Guanine ::   guanine (; or g , gua ) is one of the four main nucleobases found in the nucleic acids dna and rna , the others being adenine , cytosine , and thymine ( uracil in rna ) . 
Genocide ::   genocide is intentional action to destroy a people ( usually defined as an ethnic , national , racial , or religious group ) in whole or in part . 
Ganges ::   the ganges ( ) , also known as ganga ( ) , is a trans - boundary river of asia which flows through the nations of india and bangladesh . 
Ginnungagap ::   in norse mythology , ginnungagap ( " gaping abyss " , " yawning void " ) is the primordial void , mentioned in the gylfaginning , the eddaic text recording norse cosmogony . 
Green ::   green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum . 
Gradient ::   in mathematics , the gradient is a multi - variable generalization of the derivative . 
Glacier ::   a glacier ( or ) is a persistent body of dense ice that is constantly moving under its own weight ; it forms where the accumulation of snow exceeds its ablation ( melting and sublimation ) over many years , often centuries . 
Gylfaginning ::   gylfaginning ( [ ˈgʏlvaˌgɪnːɪŋg ] ; ; either " tricking of gylfi " or " gylfi 's empowerment " ; c. 20,000 words ) , is the first part of snorri sturluson 's " prose edda " after prologue . 
Gnosticism ::   gnosticism ( from " gnostikos " , " having knowledge " , from , knowledge ) is a modern name for a variety of ancient religious ideas and systems , originating in jewish milieus in the first and second century ad . 
Germanicus ::   germanicus ( latin : " germanicus julius caesar " ; 24 may 15 bc – 10 october ad 19 ) was a member of the julio - claudian dynasty and a prominent general of the roman empire known for his campaigns in germania . 
Ghost ::   in folklore , a ghost ( sometimes known as an apparition , haunt , phantom , poltergeist , shade , specter or spectre , spirit , spook , and wraith ) is the soul or spirit of a dead person or animal that can appear to the living . 
Geneva ::   geneva ( , , , , , ) is the second most populous city in switzerland ( after zürich ) and is the most populous city of the romandy , the french - speaking part of switzerland . 
Grímnismál ::   grímnismál ( sayings of grímnir ) is one of the mythological poems of the poetic edda . 
Geocaching ::   geocaching is an outdoor recreational activity , in which participants use a global positioning system ( gps ) receiver or mobile device and other navigational techniques to hide and seek containers , called " geocaches " or " caches " , at specific locations marked by coordinates all over the world . 
Guangzhou ::   guangzhou (; ; ) , traditionally romanised as canton , is the capital and most populous city of the province of guangdong in southern china . 
Gematria ::   gematria originated as an assyro - babylonian - greek system of alphanumeric code / cipher later adopted into jewish culture that assigns numerical value to a word / name / phrase in the belief that words or phrases with identical numerical values bear some relation to each other or bear some relation to the number itself as it may apply to nature , a person 's age , the calendar year , or the like . 
Groupoid ::   in mathematics , especially in category theory and homotopy theory , a groupoid ( less often brandt groupoid or virtual group ) generalises the notion of group in several equivalent ways . 
Galliard ::   the galliard (; ; ) was a form of renaissance dance and music popular all over europe in the 16th century . 
Gorilla ::   gorillas are ground - dwelling , predominantly herbivorous apes that inhabit the forests of central africa . 
Gallifrey ::   gallifrey ( or ) is a planet in the long - running british science fiction television series " doctor who " . 
Gymnastics ::   gymnastics is a men 's and women 's sport that requires balance , strength , flexibility , agility , coordination , endurance and control . 
Glorantha ::   glorantha is a fantasy world created by greg stafford . 
Galaxy ::   a galaxy is a gravitationally bound system of stars , stellar remnants , interstellar gas , dust , and dark matter . 
Grappling ::   in hand - to - hand combat , grappling is a close fighting technique used to gain a physical advantage such as improving relative position , or causing injury to the opponent . 
Grammar ::   in linguistics , grammar ( from greek : ) is the set of structural rules governing the composition of clauses , phrases , and words in any given natural language . 
Gigabyte ::   the gigabyte ( or ) is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
Galba ::   galba (; ; 24 december 3 bc – 15 january 69 ad ) was roman emperor for seven months from 68 to 69 . 
Giga- ::   giga ( or ) is a unit prefix in the metric system denoting a factor of a ( short - form ) billion ( 10 or ) . 
Grapheme ::   in linguistics , a grapheme is the smallest unit of a writing system of any given language . 
Glass ::   glass is a non - crystalline amorphous solid that is often transparent and has widespread practical , technological , and decorative usage in , for example , window panes , tableware , and optoelectronics . 
Glasnost ::   in the russian language the word glasnost ( , ) has several general and specific meanings . 
Geodesy ::   geodesy ( ) , — also known as geodetics , geodetic engineering or geodetics engineering — a branch of applied mathematics and earth sciences , is the scientific discipline that deals with the measurement and representation of the earth ( or any planet ) , including its gravitational field , in a three - dimensional time - varying space 
Eurogame ::   a eurogame , also called a german - style board game , german game , or euro - style game , is a class of tabletop games that generally have indirect player interaction and abstract physical components . 
GTE ::   gte corporation , formerly general telephone & electronics corporation ( 1955–1982 ) , was the largest independent telephone company in the united states during the days of the bell system . 
Gracchi ::   the gracchus brothers , tiberius and gaius , were romans who both served as tribunes in the late 2nd century bc . 
Gossip ::   gossip is idle talk or rumor , especially about the personal or private affairs of others ; the act is also known as dishing or tattling . 
Guitarist ::   a guitarist ( or a guitar player ) is a person who plays the guitar . 
Gospel ::   a gospel is a written account of the career and teachings of jesus of nazareth . 
GIMP ::   gimp ( ) ( gnu image manipulation program ) is a free and open - source raster graphics editor used for image retouching and editing , free - form drawing , converting between different image formats , and more specialized tasks . 
Galilee ::   galilee ( , transliteration " hagalil " ) ; , translit . " al - jalīl " ) is a region in northern israel . 
Goths ::   the goths were an east germanic people , two of whose branches , the visigoths and the ostrogoths , played an important role in the fall of the western roman empire and the emergence of medieval europe . 
Glycolysis ::   glycolysis ( from " glycose " , an older term for glucose + " -lysis " degradation ) is the metabolic pathway that converts glucose cho , into pyruvate , chcocoo + h. the free energy released in this process is used to form the high - energy molecules atp ( adenosine triphosphate ) and nadh ( reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide ) . 
Guernica ::   guernica ( ) , official and basque name gernika , is a town in the province of biscay , in the autonomous community of the basque country , spain . 
Gdynia ::   gdynia ( , ) is a city in the pomeranian voivodeship of poland and an important seaport of gdańsk bay on the south coast of the baltic sea . 
Gluon ::   a gluon is an elementary particle that acts as the exchange particle ( or gauge boson ) for the strong force between quarks . 
Gallienus ::   gallienus (; ; c. 218 – 268 ) , also known as gallien , was roman emperor with his father valerian from 253 to 260 and alone from 260 to 268 . 
Gambeson ::   a gambeson ( or aketon or padded jack or arming doublet ) is a padded defensive jacket , worn as armour separately , or combined with mail or plate armour . 
Gauntlet ::   gauntlet most often refers to : gauntlet or the gauntlet may also refer to : 
Gimp ::   gimp is an free and open source program . 
Gymnosphaerid ::   the gymnosphaerids ( or gymnosphaerida ) are a small group of heliozoan protists found in marine environments . 
GIF ::   the graphics interchange format ( better known by its acronym gif or ) is a bitmap image format that was developed by american computer scientist steve wilhite while working at the bulletin board service ( bbs ) provider compuserve on june 15 , 1987 . 
Glissando ::   in music , a glissando ( plural : " glissandi " , abbreviated " gliss . " ) is a glide from one pitch to another ( ) . 
Giraffe ::   the giraffe ( " giraffa " ) is a genus of african even - toed ungulate mammals , the tallest living terrestrial animals and the largest ruminants . 
Grits ::   grits are a food made from corn that is ground into a coarse meal and then boiled . 
Goddess ::   a goddess is a female deity in polytheistic religions . 
Gunpowder ::   gunpowder , also known as black powder to distinguish it from modern smokeless gunpowder , is the earliest known chemical explosive . 
Galatia ::   ancient galatia (; ) was an area in the highlands of central anatolia ( ankara , çorum , yozgat province ) in modern turkey . 
Generalization ::   a generalization ( or generalisation ) is the formulation of general concepts from specific instances by abstracting common properties . 
Gramophone ::   gramophone might refer to : 
Glitnir ::   glitnir ( glit , nitor , splendor , ohg . 
Gzip ::   gzip is a file format and a software application used for file compression and decompression . 
Genotype ::   the genotype – a term coined by danish botanist , plant physiologist and geneticist wilhelm johannsen in 1903 – is the part ( dna sequence ) of the genetic makeup of a cell , and therefore of an organism or individual , which determines a specific characteristic ( phenotype ) of that cell / organism / individual . 
Gemstone ::   a gemstone ( also called a gem , fine gem , jewel , precious stone , or semi - precious stone ) is a piece of mineral crystal which , in cut and polished form , is used to make jewelry or other adornments . 
GSM ::   gsm ( global system for mobile communications , originally groupe spécial mobile ) is a standard developed by the european telecommunications standards institute ( etsi ) to describe the protocols for second - generation digital cellular networks used by mobile devices such as tablets , first deployed in finland in december 1991 . 
Gate ::   a gate or gateway is a point of entry to a space which is enclosed by walls . 
GTPase ::   gtpases ( singular gtpase ) are a large family of hydrolase enzymes that can bind and hydrolyze guanosine triphosphate ( gtp ) . 
Galvanization ::   galvanization ( or galvanizing as it is most commonly called in that industry ) is the process of applying a protective zinc coating to steel or iron , to prevent rusting . 
Glasnevin ::   glasnevin ( , also known as " glas naedhe " , meaning " stream of o'naeidhe " after an ancient chieftain ) is a largely residential middle - class neighbourhood of dublin , ireland . 
GnuCash ::   gnucash is an accounting program that implements a double - entry bookkeeping system . 
Gallon ::   the gallon ( ) is a unit of measurement for liquid capacity in both the us customary units and the british imperial systems of measurement . 
Galatea ::   galatea is an ancient greek name meaning " she who is milk - white " . 
Gestapo ::   the gestapo ( ) , abbreviation of geheime staatspolizei , or the secret state police , was the official secret police of nazi germany and german - occupied europe . 
Gomoku ::   gomoku , also called gobang or five in a row , is an abstract strategy board game . 
Gegenschein ::   gegenschein ( german for " countershine " ) is a faint brightening of the night sky in the region of the antisolar point . 
Glyph ::   in typography , a glyph is an elemental symbol within an agreed set of symbols , intended to represent a readable character for the purposes of writing . 
Game.com :: 
Gnosis ::   gnosis is the common greek noun for knowledge ( γνῶσις , " gnôsis " , f. ) . 
Gallipoli ::   the gallipoli peninsula (; ; ) is located in the southern part of east thrace , the european part of turkey , with the aegean sea to the west and the dardanelles strait to the east . 
Greyhound ::   the greyhound is a breed of dog ; a sighthound which has been bred for coursing game and greyhound racing . 
Glucose ::   glucose is a simple sugar with the molecular formula cho . 
GÉANT ::   géant is the pan - european data network for the research and education community . 
Gastroenterology ::   gastroenterology ( mesh heading ) is the branch of medicine focused on the digestive system and its disorders . 
Gulag ::   the gulag (; acronym of , " " , " main camps ' administration " or " chief administration of corrective labor camps " ) was the government agency created under vladimir lenin which reached its peak as the soviet forced labor camp system during joseph stalin 's rule from the 1930s up until the 1950s . 
Gerrymandering ::   in the process of setting electoral districts , gerrymandering is a practice intended to establish a political advantage for a particular party or group by manipulating district boundaries . 
Gin ::   gin is a spirit which derives its predominant flavour from juniper berries ( " juniperus communis " ) . 
Grok ::   grok is a word coined by american writer robert a. heinlein for his 1961 science fiction novel " stranger in a strange land " . 
Götterdämmerung ::   the title is a translation into german of the old norse phrase " " , which in norse mythology refers to a prophesied war among various beings and gods that ultimately results in the burning , immersion in water , and renewal of the world . 
Garfield ::   garfield is an american comic strip created by jim davis . 
Jinn ::   jin ( , ' ) , also romanized as djinn or anglicized as genies ( with the more broad meaning of spirits ) , are supernatural creatures in early arabian and later islamic mythology and theology . 
Geyser ::   a geyser (; or ) is a spring characterized by intermittent discharge of water ejected turbulently and accompanied by steam . 
Gypsum ::   gypsum is a soft sulfate mineral composed of calcium sulfate dihydrate , with the chemical formula caso·2ho . 
Gnumeric ::   gnumeric ( ) is a spreadsheet program that is part of the gnome free software desktop project . 
Galeon ::   galeon is a discontinued gecko - based web browser that was created by marco pesenti gritti with the goal of delivering a consistent browsing experience to gnome desktop environment . 
Gosford ::   gosford is a suburb located on the central coast of new south wales , australia , about 76 km north of the sydney cbd . 
Glottis ::   the glottis is defined as the opening between the vocal folds ( the rima glottidis ) . 
Gorillaz ::   gorillaz are an english virtual band created in 1998 by musician damon albarn and artist jamie hewlett . 
GW-BASIC ::   gw - basic is a dialect of the basic programming language developed by microsoft from basica , originally for compaq . 
Granite ::   granite ( ) is a common type of felsic intrusive igneous rock that is granular and phaneritic in texture . 
Galactus ::   galactus ( ) is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
Genosha ::   genosha is a fictional country appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
Gametophyte ::   a gametophyte is a stage in the life cycle of plants and algae that undergo alternation of generations . 
Gavoi ::   gavoi is a " comune " in central sardinia ( italy ) , part of the province of nuoro , in the natural region of barbagia . 
Gusana ::   gusana is the name of an artificial lake and of the surrounding area , in the territory of gavoi , sardinia , italy . 
Gecko ::   geckos are lizards belonging to the infraorder gekkota , found in warm climates throughout the world . 
Grindcore ::   grindcore is an extreme genre of music that originated in the early to mid-1980s , drawing inspiration from the most abrasive - sounding musical styles : hardcore punk , extreme metal , industrial and noise rock . 
Gabbro ::   gabbro ( ) refers to a large group of dark , often phaneritic ( coarse - grained ) , mafic intrusive igneous rocks chemically equivalent to basalt . 
Gilgamesh ::   gilgamesh ( or ; , " gilgameš , " originally bilgamesh ) is the main character in the " epic of gilgamesh " , an akkadian poem that is considered the first great work of literature , and in earlier sumerian poems . 
Gluten ::   gluten ( from latin " gluten " , " glue " ) is a composite of storage proteins termed prolamins and glutelins and stored together with starch in the endosperm ( which nourishes the embryonic plant during germination ) of various grass - related grains . 
Gelatin ::   gelatin or gelatine ( from meaning " stiff " , " frozen " ) is a translucent , colorless , brittle ( when dry ) , flavorless food derived from collagen obtained from various animal body parts . 
Gneiss ::   gneiss ( ) is a common distributed type of rock formed by high - grade regional metamorphic processes from pre - existing formations that were originally either igneous or sedimentary rocks . 
HTML ::   hypertext markup language ( html ) is the standard markup language for creating web pages and web applications . 
Hector ::   in greek mythology and roman mythology , hector ( " hektōr " , ) was a trojan prince and the greatest fighter for troy in the trojan war . 
Hera ::   hera ( , ; " hērā " , equivalently " hērē " , in ionic and homer ) is the goddess of women and marriage in greek mythology and religion . 
Haiku ::   in japanese , haiku are traditionally printed in a single vertical line while haiku in english often appear in three lines to parallel the three phrases of japanese haiku . 
Hades ::   hades (; " háidēs " ) was the ancient greek chthonic god of the underworld , which eventually took his name . 
Hydrogen ::   hydrogen is a chemical element with symbol h and atomic number   1 . 
Helium ::   helium is a chemical element with symbol he and atomic number 2 . 
Hydrocarbon :: 
Halogen ::   the halogens ( ) are a group in the periodic table consisting of five chemically related elements : fluorine ( f ) , chlorine ( cl ) , bromine ( br ) , iodine ( i ) , and astatine ( at ) . 
Hexadecimal ::   in mathematics and computing , hexadecimal ( also base , or hex ) is a positional numeral system with a radix , or base , of 16 . 
Histogram ::   a histogram is an accurate graphical representation of the distribution of numerical data . 
Hilter ::   hilter is a municipality in the district osnabrück , lower saxony , germany . 
Hawaii ::   hawaii ( ; ) is the 50th and most recent state to have joined the united states of america , having received statehood on august 21 , 1959 . 
Hearse ::   a hearse is a large funeral vehicle used to carry a coffin / casket / urn from a church or funeral home to a cemetery . 
Hungary ::   hungary (; ) is a unitary parliamentary republic in central europe . 
Historiography ::   historiography is the study of the methods of historians in developing history as an academic discipline , and by extension is any body of historical work on a particular subject . 
Holiday ::   a holiday is a day set aside by custom or by law on which normal activities , especially business or work including school , are suspended or reduced . 
Hobby ::   a hobby is a regular activity that is done for enjoyment , typically during one 's leisure time . 
Holland ::   holland is a region and former province on the western coast of the netherlands . 
Hoplite ::   hoplites were citizen - soldiers of ancient greek city - states who were primarily armed with spears and shields . 
Hittites ::   the hittites ( ) were an ancient anatolian people who established an empire centered on hattusa in north - central anatolia around 1600 bc . 
Hormone ::   a hormone ( from the greek participle “ ” ) is any member of a class of signaling molecules produced by glands in multicellular organisms that are transported by the circulatory system to target distant organs to regulate physiology and behaviour . 
Hypoglycemia ::   hypoglycemia , also known as low blood sugar , is when blood sugar decreases to below normal levels . 
Haiti ::   haiti (; ; ) , officially the republic of haiti (; ) and formerly called hayti , is a sovereign state located on the island of hispaniola in the greater antilles archipelago of the caribbean sea . 
Honduras ::   honduras (; ) , officially the republic of honduras ( ) , is a republic in central america . 
Hg ::   hg is the chemical symbol of mercury . 
Hydrology ::   hydrology is the scientific study of the movement , distribution , and quality of water on earth and other planets , including the water cycle , water resources and environmental watershed sustainability . 
Heredity ::   heredity is the passing on of traits from parents to their offspring , either through asexual reproduction or sexual reproduction ; the offspring cells or organisms acquire the genetic information of their parents . 
Hypertext ::   hypertext is text displayed on a computer display or other electronic devices with references ( hyperlinks ) to other text that the reader can immediately access , or where text can be revealed progressively at multiple levels of detail ( also called stretchtext ) . 
Holmium ::   holmium is a chemical element with symbol ho and atomic number 67 . 
Hafnium ::   hafnium is a chemical element with symbol hf and atomic number 72 . 
Hamburg ::   hamburg ( , ; low german / low saxon : " hamborg " ) , officially the free and hanseatic city of hamburg ( ) , is the second largest city and a state of germany , with a population of over 1.7 million people . 
Hedonism ::   hedonism is a school of thought that argues that pleasure and happiness are the primary or most important intrinsic goods and the proper aim of human life . 
Holocene ::   the holocene ( ) is the geological epoch that began after the pleistocene at approximately 11,700 years before present . 
Harbor ::   a harbor or harbour ( see spelling differences ) , also called a haven , is a body of water where ships , boats , and barges seek shelter from stormy weather , or are stored for future use . 
H ::   h ( named " aitch " or " haitch " , plural " aitches " ) is the eighth letter in the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Horseshoe ::   a horseshoe is a fabricated product , normally made of metal , although sometimes made partially or wholly of modern synthetic materials , designed to protect a horse 's hoof from wear . 
Hemoglobin ::   hemoglobin ( american ) or haemoglobin ( british ) ( ) ; abbreviated hb or hgb , is the iron - containing oxygen - transport metalloprotein in the red blood cells of all vertebrates ( with the exception of the fish family channichthyidae ) as well as the tissues of some invertebrates . 
Hippocrates ::   hippocrates of kos (; ; " hippokrátēs ho kṓos " ; 460 – 370 bc ) , also known as hippocrates ii , was a greek physician of the age of pericles ( classical greece ) , and is considered one of the most outstanding figures in the history of medicine . 
Hyperthyroidism ::   hyperthyroidism is the condition that occurs due to excessive production of thyroid hormone by the thyroid gland . 
Transclusion ::   in computer science , transclusion is the inclusion of part or all of an electronic document into one or more other documents by hypertext reference . 
Huns ::   the huns were a nomadic people who lived in eastern europe , the caucasus , and central asia between the 4th century ad and the 6th century ad . 
Hemiparesis ::   hemiparesis , or unilateral paresis , is weakness of one entire side of the body ( " hemi- " means " half " ) . 
Hacker ::   in computing , a hacker is any skilled computer expert that uses their technical knowledge to overcome a problem . 
Hinduism ::   hinduism is an indian religion , or a way of life , widely practiced in south asia . 
Hamlet ::   the tragedy of hamlet , prince of denmark , often shortened to hamlet ( ) , is a tragedy written by william shakespeare at an uncertain date between 1599 and 1602 . 
Habermas ::   habermas is a surname . 
Homomorphism ::   in algebra , a homomorphism is a structure - preserving map between two algebraic structures of the same type ( such as two groups , two rings , or two vector spaces ) . 
HyperCard ::   hypercard is application software and a programming tool for apple macintosh and apple iigs computers . 
Histology ::   histology is the study of the microscopic anatomy ( microanatomy ) of cells and tissues of plants and animals . 
Herodotus ::   herodotus (; , " hêródotos " , ) was a greek historian who was born in halicarnassus in the persian empire ( modern - day bodrum , turkey ) and lived in the fifth century   bc ( 484– 425   bc ) , a contemporary of thucydides , socrates , and euripides . 
Historian ::   a historian is a person who researches , studies , and writes about the past , and is regarded as an authority on it . 
Harthouse ::   harthouse is a german record label specializing in techno music . 
HTTPS ::   https ( also called http over transport layer security [ tls ] , http over ssl , and http secure ) is a communications protocol for secure communication over a computer network which is widely used on the internet . 
House ::   a house is a building that functions as a home , ranging from simple dwellings such as rudimentary huts of nomadic tribes and the improvised shacks in shantytowns to complex , fixed structures of wood , brick , concrete or other materials containing plumbing , ventilation and electrical systems . 
Hipparchus ::   hipparchus of nicaea ' (; ;   ) was a greek astronomer , geographer , and mathematician . 
Homeschooling ::   homeschooling , also known as home education , is the education of children inside the home . 
Heteroatom ::   in organic chemistry , a heteroatom ( from ancient greek " heteros " , " different " , + " atomos " , " uncut " ) is any atom that is not carbon or hydrogen . 
Half-life ::   half - life ( symbol " t " ) is the time required for a quantity to reduce to half its initial value . 
Humus ::   in soil science , humus ( coined 1790–1800 ; from the latin " humus " : earth , ground ) refers to the fraction of soil organic matter that is amorphous and without the " cellular cake structure characteristic of plants , micro - organisms or animals . " 
Heraldry ::   heraldry ( ) is a broad term , encompassing the design , display , and study of armorial bearings ( known as " armory " ) , as well as related disciplines , such as vexillology , together with the study of ceremony , rank , and pedigree . 
Hadrian ::   hadrian (; ; 24 january 76 – 10 july 138 ) was roman emperor from 117 to 138 . 
Holden ::   holden , formally known as general motors holden , is an australian automobile importer and a former automobile manufacturer with its headquarters in port melbourne , victoria . 
Hypnos ::   in greek mythology , hypnos (; , " sleep " ) is the personification of sleep ; the roman equivalent is known as somnus . 
Homer ::   homer ( , " hómēros " ) is the name ascribed by the ancient greeks to the legendary author of the " iliad " and the " odyssey " , two epic poems which are the central works of ancient greek literature . 
Hawkwind ::   hawkwind are an english rock band and one of the earliest space rock groups . 
Horse ::   the horse ( " equus ferus caballus " ) is one of two extant subspecies of " equus ferus " . 
Hindi ::   hindi ( devanagari : हिन्दी , " hindī " ) , or modern standard hindi ( devanagari : मानक हिन्दी , " mānak hindī " ) is a standardised and sanskritised register of the hindustani language . 
Heimdallr ::   in norse mythology , heimdallr is a god who possesses the resounding horn gjallarhorn , owns the golden - maned horse gulltoppr , has gold teeth , and is the son of nine mothers . 
Homeomorphism ::   in the mathematical field of topology , a homeomorphism or topological isomorphism or bi continuous function is a continuous function between topological spaces that has a continuous inverse function . 
Hvergelmir ::   in norse mythology , hvergelmir ( old norse " bubbling boiling spring " ) is a major spring . 
Hindu ::   hindu ( ) refers to any person who regards themselves as culturally , ethnically , or religiously adhering to aspects of hinduism . 
Hyperinflation ::   in economics , hyperinflation occurs when a country experiences very high and usually accelerating rates of inflation , rapidly eroding the real value of the local currency , and causing the population to minimize their holdings of local money . 
Hilversum ::   hilversum ( ) is a municipality and town in the netherlands , in the province of north holland . 
Horace ::   quintus horatius flaccus ( december 8 , 65 bc – november 27 , 8 bc ) , known in the english - speaking world as horace ( or ) , was the leading roman lyric poet during the time of augustus ( also known as octavian ) . 
Helsinki ::   helsinki (; ; ; ) is the capital and largest city of finland . 
Hobart ::   hobart ( ) is the capital and most populous city of the australian island state of tasmania . 
Hesiod ::   hesiod ( or ; " hēsíodos " ) was a greek poet generally thought by scholars to have been active between 750 and 650 bc , around the same time as homer . 
Hydroxy ::   hydroxy can refer to : 
Hero ::   a hero ( masculine ) or heroine ( feminine ) is a person or main character of a literary work who , in the face of danger , combats adversity through feats of ingenuity , bravery or strength , often sacrificing their own personal concerns for a greater good . 
Hydroxide ::   hydroxide is a diatomic anion with chemical formula oh . 
Hispaniola ::   hispaniola ( spanish : " la española " ; french : " hispaniola " ; haitian creole : " ispayola " ; latin : " hispaniola " ; taíno : " haiti / quisqueya " ) is the 22nd - largest island in the world , located in the caribbean island group , the greater antilles . 
Hogshead ::   a hogshead ( abbreviated " hhd " , plural " hhds " ) is a large cask of liquid ( or , less often , of a food commodity ) . 
Honda ::   honda has been the world 's largest motorcycle manufacturer since 1959 , as well as the world 's largest manufacturer of internal combustion engines measured by volume , producing more than 14 million internal combustion engines each year . 
Handball ::   handball ( also known as team handball or olympic handball ) is a team sport in which two teams of seven players each ( six outfield players and a goalkeeper ) pass a ball using their hands with the aim of throwing it into the goal of the other team . 
Hadith ::   a hadith ( or ; , plural : ahadith , , ) is one of various reports describing the words , actions , or habits of the islamic prophet muhammad . 
Hymn ::   a hymn is a type of song , usually religious , specifically written for the purpose of adoration or prayer , and typically addressed to a deity or deities , or to a prominent figure or personification . 
Hydrofoil ::   a hydrofoil is a lifting surface , or foil , that operates in water . 
Hassium ::   hassium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol hs and atomic number 108 . 
Hydrus ::   hydrus is a small constellation in the deep southern sky . 
Hercules ::   hercules is a roman hero and god . 
Hradčany ::   hradčany (; ) , the castle district , is the district of the city of prague , czech republic surrounding prague castle . 
Houston ::   houston ( ) is the most populous city in the u.s. state of texas and the fourth - most populous city in the united states . 
Heraclitus ::   heraclitus of ephesus (; , ; c. 535   – c. 475 bc ) was a pre - socratic greek philosopher , and a native of the city of ephesus , then part of the persian empire . 
Hammer ::   a hammer is a tool or device that delivers a blow ( a sudden impact ) to an object . 
Hiragana ::   hiragana and katakana are both kana systems . 
Hohenstaufen ::   the hohenstaufen , also called the staufer or staufen , were a dynasty of german kings ( 1138–1254 ) during the middle ages . 
Heaven ::   heaven , or the heavens , is a common religious , cosmological , or transcendent place where beings such as gods , angels , jinn , saints , or venerated ancestors are said to originate , be enthroned , or live . 
Heracles ::   heracles ( ; , " hēraklēs " , from " hēra " , " hera " ) , born alcaeus ( , " alkaios " ) or alcides ( , " alkeidēs " ) , was a divine hero in greek mythology , the son of zeus and alcmene , foster son of amphitryon and great - grandson and half - brother ( as they are both sired by the god zeus ) of perseus . 
Hadron ::   in particle physics , a hadron ( , " hadrós " , " stout , thick " ) is a composite particle made of quarks held together by the strong force in a similar way as molecules are held together by the electromagnetic force . 
Hub ::   a hub is the central part of a wheel that connects the axle to the wheel itself . 
Hearts ::   hearts is an " evasion - type " trick - taking playing card game for four players , although variations can accommodate 3–6 players . 
Hastings ::   hastings is a town and borough in east sussex on the south coast of england , hastings gives its name to the battle of hastings , which took place to the north at senlac hill in 1066 . 
Hole ::   a hole is a hollow place , an opening in / through a solid body , or an excavation in the ground . 
Halloween ::   halloween or hallowe'en ( a contraction of all hallows ' evening ) , also known as allhalloween , all hallows ' eve , or all saints ' eve , is a celebration observed in a number of countries on 31 october , the eve of the western christian feast of all hallows ' day . 
Hampshire ::   hampshire ( , ; abbreviated hants ) is a county on the southern coast of england in the united kingdom . 
Handloading ::   handloading or reloading is the process of loading firearm cartridges or shotgun shells by assembling the individual components ( case / hull , primer , powder , and bullet / shot ) , rather than purchasing completely assembled , factory - loaded ammunition . 
Helvetii ::   the helvetii ( ) were a gallic tribe or tribal confederation occupying most of the swiss plateau at the time of their contact with the roman republic in the 1st century bc . 
Halakha ::   halakha (; , ; also transliterated as halacha , halakhah , halachah or halocho ) ( ) is the collective body of jewish religious laws derived from the written and oral torah . 
Heinz ::   the h. j. heinz company , or heinz , was an american food processing company with world headquarters in pittsburgh , pennsylvania . 
Honolulu ::   honolulu (; ) is the capital and largest city of the u.s. state of hawaii . 
Percolozoa ::   the percolozoa are a group of colourless , non - photosynthetic excavates , including many that can transform between amoeboid , flagellate , and cyst stages . 
Heathers ::   heathers is a 1988 american black comedy film written by daniel waters and directed by michael lehmann . 
Handfasting ::   handfasting may be : 
Harp ::   the harp is a stringed musical instrument that has a number of individual strings running at an angle to its soundboard ; the strings are plucked with the fingers . 
Hamas ::   hamas ( arabic : حماس " ḥamās " , an acronym of حركة المقاومة الاسلامية " ḥarakat al - muqāwamah al-ʾislāmiyyah " islamic resistance movement ) is a palestinian sunni - islamic fundamentalist organization . 
Hezbollah ::   hezbollah ( pronounced ; ' , literally " party of allah " or " party of god")—also transliterated hizbullah , hizballah " ' , etc.—is a shi'a islamist political party and militant group based in lebanon . 
Homeland ::   a homeland ( " country of origin " and native land ) is the concept of the place ( cultural geography ) with which an ethnic group holds a long history and a deep cultural association – the country in which a particular national identity began . 
Hyena ::   hyenas or hyaenas ( from greek ὕαινα " hýaina " ) are any feliform carnivoran mammals of the family hyaenidae . 
Hyaena ::   hyaena is a genus comprising two of the living species of hyenas : the striped hyena ( " hyaena hyaena " ) from western asia and northern africa and the brown hyena ( " hyaena brunnea " ) from southern africa . 
Hominy ::   hominy is a food produced from dried maize ( " corn " in the u.s. ) kernels that have been treated with an alkali , in a process called nixtamalization . 
Heraclius ::   heraclius ( , ; c. 575 – february 11 , 641 ) was the emperor of the byzantine ( eastern roman ) empire from 610 to 641 . 
Hannibal ::   hannibal barca ( punic language : , " ḥnb‘l brq " ; 247   – between 183 and 181   bc ) , was a carthaginian general , considered one of the greatest military commanders in history . 
Hosea ::   in the hebrew bible , hosea ( or ; ; greek , " ōsēe " ) , son of beeri , was an 8th - century bc prophet in israel who authored the book of prophecies bearing his name . 
Habakkuk ::   habakkuk ( or ; ; also spelled habacuc ) was a prophet in the hebrew bible . 
Haggai ::   haggai ( , " ḥaggay " or " hag - i " , koine greek : ἀγγαῖος ; ) was a hebrew prophet during the building of the second temple in jerusalem , and one of the twelve minor prophets in the hebrew bible and the author of the book of haggai . 
Hymenoptera ::   females typically have a special ovipositor for inserting eggs into hosts or places that are otherwise inaccessible . 
Homeostasis ::   homeostasis is the property of a system within an organism in which a variable , such as the concentration of a substance in solution , is actively regulated to remain very nearly constant . 
Hockey ::   hockey is a sport in which two teams play against each other by trying to maneuver a ball or a puck into the opponent 's goal using a hockey stick . 
Hawick ::   hawick ( ; , ) is a town in the scottish borders council area and historic county of roxburghshire in the east southern uplands of scotland . 
Hertfordshire ::   hertfordshire (; often abbreviated herts ) is a county in southern england , bordered by bedfordshire to the north , cambridgeshire to the north - east , essex to the east , buckinghamshire to the west and greater london to the south . 
Honeymoon ::   a honeymoon is the traditional holiday taken by newlyweds to celebrate their marriage in intimacy and seclusion . 
Heapsort ::   in computer science , heapsort is a comparison - based sorting algorithm . 
Hierarchy ::   a hierarchy ( from the greek " hierarchia " , " rule of a high priest " , from " hierarkhes " , " leader of sacred rites " ) is an arrangement of items ( objects , names , values , categories , etc . ) 
Hour ::   an hour ( symbol : h ; also abbreviated hr . ) is a unit of time conventionally reckoned as of a day and scientifically reckoned as 3,599–3,601 seconds , depending on conditions . 
Hezekiah ::   hezekiah ( , hebrew : ; " ḥazaqya'u " ; ; ; also transliterated as " ḥizkiyyahu " or " ḥizkiyyah " ) was , according to the hebrew bible , the son of ahaz and the 13th king of judah . 
Haemophilia ::   haemophilia , also spelled hemophilia , is a mostly inherited genetic disorder that impairs the body 's ability to make blood clots , a process needed to stop bleeding . 
Hemicellulose ::   a hemicellulose ( also known as polyose ) is any of several heteropolymers ( matrix polysaccharides ) , such as arabinoxylans , present along with cellulose in almost all plant cell walls . 
Hillbilly ::   hillbilly is a term ( often derogatory ) for people who dwell in rural , mountainous areas in the united states , primarily in appalachia and the ozarks . 
Host ::   host ( masculine ) and hostess ( feminine ) most often refer to a person responsible for guests at an event or providing hospitality during it , or to an event 's presenter or master or mistress of ceremonies . 
Herstory ::   herstory is history written from a feminist perspective , emphasizing the role of women , or told from a woman 's point of view . 
Horsepower ::   horsepower ( hp ) is a unit of measurement of power ( the rate at which work is done ) . 
H.263 ::   h.263 is a video compression standard originally designed as a low - bit - rate compressed format for videoconferencing . 
Histone ::   in biology , histones are highly alkaline proteins found in eukaryotic cell nuclei that package and order the dna into structural units called nucleosomes . 
Heroin ::   heroin , also known as diamorphine among other names , is an opioid most commonly used as a recreational drug for its euphoric effects . 
Hinayana ::   hīnayāna is a sanskrit term literally meaning the " smaller vehicle " , applied to the " śrāvakayāna " , the buddhist path followed by a śrāvaka who wishes to become an arhat . 
Hyperbola ::   in mathematics , a hyperbola ( plural " hyperbolas " or " hyperbolae " ) is a type of smooth curve lying in a plane , defined by its geometric properties or by equations for which it is the solution set . 
Humayun ::   nasir - ud - din muḥammad ( 6 march 1508 – 27 january 1556 ) better known by his regnal name , humayun , was the second emperor of the mughal empire , who ruled over territory in what is now afghanistan , pakistan , and parts of northern india from 1531–1540 and again from 1555–1556 . 
Prince-elector ::   the prince - electors ( or simply electors ) of the holy roman empire ( ( ) , pl . 
Harwich ::   harwich is a town in essex , england and one of the haven ports , located on the coast with the north sea to the east . 
Hydropower ::   hydropower or water power ( from , " water " ) is power derived from the energy of falling water or fast running water , which may be harnessed for useful purposes . 
Halfbakery ::   halfbakery is a community - based ideas bank used by people who wish to propose and develop ( not always serious ) half - baked inventions . 
Heterosexuality ::   heterosexuality is romantic attraction , sexual attraction or sexual behavior between persons of the opposite sex or gender . 
Hertz ::   the hertz ( symbol : hz ) is the derived unit of frequency in the international system of units ( si ) and is defined as one cycle per second . 
Höðr ::   höðr , old norse hǫðr [ hɔðr ] , ( often anglicized as hod , hoder , or hodur ) is a blind god , the brother of baldr and a son of odin and frigg in norse mythology . 
Herat ::   herat (; , " herât " ; ; , " alexándreia hē en aríois " ; ) is the third - largest city of afghanistan . 
Hedeby ::   hedeby ( , old norse " heiðabýr " , german " haithabu " ) was an important viking age ( 8th to the 11th centuries ) trading settlement near the southern end of the jutland peninsula , now in the schleswig - flensburg district of schleswig - holstein , germany . 
Hazaras ::   the hazaras ( ) are an ethnic group native to the region of hazarajat in central afghanistan , speaking the hazaragi variant of dari , itself an eastern variety of persian and one of the two official languages of afghanistan . 
Hawala ::   hawala or hewala ( , meaning " transfer " or sometimes " trust " ) , also known as hundi or — in somali , xawala or xawilaad — is a popular and informal value transfer system based not on the movement of cash , or on telegraph or computer network wire transfers between banks , but instead on the performance and honour of a huge network of money brokers ( known as " hawaladars " ) . 
Hydroponics ::   hydroponics is a subset of hydroculture , the method of growing plants without soil , using mineral nutrient solutions in a water solvent . 
Hydrophobe ::   in chemistry , hydrophobicity is the physical property of a molecule ( known as a hydrophobe ) that is seemingly repelled from a mass of water . 
Harley-Davidson ::   harley - davidson , inc. ( h - d ) , or harley , is an american motorcycle manufacturer , founded in milwaukee , wisconsin in 1903 . 
Hiberno-English ::   hiberno‐english ( from latin " hibernia " : " ireland " ) or irish english is the set of english dialects natively written and spoken within the island of ireland ( including both the republic of ireland and northern ireland ) . 
Harappa ::   harappa (; urdu/ ) is an archaeological site in punjab , pakistan , about west of sahiwal . 
Hendecasyllable ::   the hendecasyllable is a line of eleven syllables , used in ancient greek and latin quantitative verse as well as in medieval and modern european poetry . 
Hebrides ::   the hebrides (; scottish gaelic : " innse gall " ( ) ; old norse : " suðreyjar " ) comprise a widespread and diverse archipelago off the west coast of mainland scotland . 
Hexameter ::   hexameter is a metrical line of verses consisting of six feet . 
Heracleidae ::   in greek mythology , the heracleidae (; ) or heraclids were the numerous descendants of heracles ( hercules ) , especially applied in a narrower sense to the descendants of hyllus , the eldest of his four sons by deianira ( hyllus was also sometimes thought of as heracles ' son by melite ) other heracleidae included macaria , lamos , manto , bianor , tlepolemus , and telephus . 
HIV ::   the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) is a lentivirus ( a subgroup of retrovirus ) that causes hiv infection and over time acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ) . 
Hentai ::   in japanese , the term describes any type of perverse or bizarre sexual desire or act ; it does not represent a genre of work . 
Haryana ::   haryana ( ) , is one of the 29 states in india , situated in north india . 
Hamoaze ::   the hamoaze (; ) is an estuarine stretch of the tidal river tamar , between its confluence with the river lynher and plymouth sound , england . 
Hanover ::   hanover or hannover (; , ) , on the river leine , is the capital and largest city of the german state of lower saxony ( " niedersachsen " ) , and was once by personal union the family seat of the hanoverian kings of the united kingdom of great britain and ireland , under their title as the dukes of brunswick - lüneburg ( later described as the elector of hanover ) . 
Halophile ::   halophiles are organisms that thrive in high salt concentrations . 
Hematite ::   hematite , also spelled as haematite , is the mineral form of iron(iii ) oxide ( feo ) , one of several iron oxides . 
Elagabalus ::   elagabalus , also known as heliogabalus (; 203 – march 11 , 222 ) , was roman emperor from 218 to 222 . 
Homeopathy ::   homeopathy is a system of alternative medicine created in 1796 by samuel hahnemann , based on his doctrine of " like cures like " ( " similia similibus curentur " ) , a claim that a substance that causes the symptoms of a disease in healthy people would cure similar symptoms in sick people . 
Hairpin ::   a hair pin or hairpin is a long device used to hold a person 's hair in place . 
Hedwig ::   hedwig is a feminine german given name . 
Hoosier ::   hoosier is the official demonym for a resident of the u.s. state of indiana . 
Hypnotic ::   hypnotic ( from greek " hypnos " , sleep ) or soporific drugs , commonly known as sleeping pills , are a class of psychoactive drugs whose primary function is to induce sleep and to be used in the treatment of insomnia ( sleeplessness ) , or surgical anesthesia . 
Hotel ::   a hotel is an establishment that provides paid lodging on a short - term basis . 
Hubris ::   hubris ( , also hybris , from ancient greek ) describes a personality quality of extreme or foolish pride or dangerous overconfidence . 
Hussites ::   the hussites ( or " kališníci " ; " chalice people " ) were a pre - protestant christian movement which began in the kingdom of bohemia and followed the teachings of czech reformer jan hus , who became the best known representative of the bohemian reformation . 
Ham ::   ham is pork that has been preserved through salting , smoking , or wet curing . 
HOTOL ::   hotol , for horizontal take - off and landing , was a 1980s british design for a single - stage - to - orbit ( ssto ) spaceplane that was to be powered by an airbreathing jet engine . 
Harpsichord ::   a harpsichord is a musical instrument played by means of a keyboard , a row of levers which the player presses . 
Hair ::   hair is a protein filament that grows from follicles found in the dermis , the innermost layer of the skin . 
Hergé ::   georges prosper remi (; 22 may 1907   – 3 march 1983 ) , known by the pen name hergé ( ) , was a belgian cartoonist . 
Haggis ::   haggis is a savoury pudding containing sheep 's pluck ( heart , liver , and lungs ) ; minced with onion , oatmeal , suet , spices , and salt , mixed with stock , traditionally encased in the animal 's stomach though now often in an artificial casing instead . 
Historicism ::   historicism is the idea of attributing meaningful significance to space and time , such as historical period , geographical place , and local culture . 
Homininae ::   homininae is a subfamily of hominidae . 
Harmonica ::   the harmonica , also known as a french harp or mouth organ , is a free reed wind instrument used worldwide in many musical genres , notably in blues , american folk music , classical music , jazz , country , and rock and roll . 
Hops ::   hops are the flowers ( also called seed cones or strobiles ) of the hop plant " humulus lupulus . " 
Hammurabi ::   hammurabi ( c. 1810 bc - 1750 bc ) ( akkadian " ḫa - am - mu - ra - bi " ) was the sixth king of the first babylonian dynasty , reigning from 1792 bc to 1750 bc ( according to the middle chronology ) . 
Honey ::   honey is a sweet , viscous food substance produced by bees and some related insects . 
Hecate ::   hecate or hekate (; greek ) is a goddess in ancient greek religion and mythology , most often shown holding two torches or a key and in later periods depicted in triple form . 
Haematopoiesis ::   haematopoiesis ( from greek αἷμα , " blood " and ποιεῖν " to make " ; also hematopoiesis in american english ; sometimes also haemopoiesis or hemopoiesis ) is the formation of blood cellular components . 
Hogmanay ::   hogmanay (; ) is the scots word for the last day of the year and is synonymous with the celebration of the new year ( gregorian calendar ) in the scottish manner . 
Hamster ::   hamsters are rodents belonging to the subfamily cricetinae . 
Helium-3 ::   helium-3 ( he-3 , also written as he , see also helion ) is a light , non - radioactive isotope of helium with two protons and one neutron ( common helium having two neutrons ) . 
Hi-hat ::   a hi - hat , also spelled hihat or high - hat , is a combination of two cymbals , a foot - operated pedal which moves a rod which in turn moves one of the cymbals , all mounted on a metal stand . 
Hydrolysis ::   hydrolysis (; ) usually means the cleavage of chemical bonds by the addition of water . 
Warm-blooded ::   warm - blooded animal species can maintain a body temperature higher than their environment . 
Hephaestus ::   hephaestus ( , or ; eight spellings ; " hēphaistos " ) is the greek god of blacksmiths , metalworking , carpenters , craftsmen , artisans , sculptors , metallurgy , fire , and volcanoes . 
Howitzer ::   a howitzer is a type of artillery piece characterized by a relatively short barrel and the use of comparatively small propellant charges to propel projectiles over relatively high trajectories , with a steep angle of descent . 
Hummer ::   hummer was a brand of trucks and suvs , first marketed in 1992 when am general began selling a civilian version of the m998   humvee . 
Humvee ::   the high mobility multipurpose wheeled vehicle ( hmmwv ) , commonly known as the humvee , is a four - wheel drive military light truck produced by am general . 
Hesychasm ::   hesychasm is a mystical tradition of contemplative prayer in the eastern orthodox church . 
Huneric ::   huneric or hunneric or honeric ( died december 23 , 484 ) was king of the ( north african ) vandal kingdom ( 477–484 ) and the oldest son of genseric . 
Hasdingi ::   the hasdingi were the southern tribes of the vandals , an east germanic tribe . 
Hermes ::   hermes (; ) is an olympian god in greek religion and mythology , the son of zeus and the pleiad maia , and the second youngest of the olympian gods ( dionysus being the youngest ) . 
Hydrocodone ::   hydrocodone , also known as dihydrocodeinone , is a semi - synthetic opioid synthesized from codeine , one of the opioid alkaloids found in the opium poppy . 
Hashish ::   hashish , or hash , is a drug made from cannabis . 
Hypnosis ::   hypnosis is a state of human consciousness involving focused attention and reduced peripheral awareness and an enhanced capacity to respond to suggestion . 
Henotheism ::   henotheism ( ) is the worship of a single god while not denying the existence or possible existence of other deities . 
Hail ::   hail is a form of solid precipitation . 
Hypnotherapy ::   hypnotherapy is type of complementary and alternative medicine in which the imagination is used in an attempt to help with a variety problems , such as breaking bad habits or coping with stress . 
Hellbender ::   the hellbender ( " cryptobranchus alleganiensis " ) , also known as the hellbender salamander , is a species of aquatic giant salamander endemic to eastern north america . 
Heimskringla ::   heimskringla ( ) is the best known of the old norse kings ' sagas . 
Hamar ::   hamar is a town and municipality in hedmark county , norway . 
Iceland ::   iceland (; ) is a nordic island country of europe located in the north atlantic ocean . 
Italy ::   italy ( ) , officially the italian republic ( ) , is a unitary parliamentary republic in europe . 
India ::   india , officially the republic of india ( " bhārat gaṇarājya " ) , is a country in south asia . 
IRIX ::   irix is a discontinued operating system developed by silicon graphics ( sgi ) to run natively on their mips workstations and servers . 
Internet ::   the internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the internet protocol suite ( tcp / ip ) to link devices worldwide . 
Indo-European ::   indo - european most commonly refers to the indo - european languages originating in eurasia . 
Industry ::   industry is the production of goods or related services within an economy . 
Indriidae ::   the indriidae ( sometimes incorrectly spelled indridae ) are a family of strepsirrhine primates . 
Invictus ::   " invictus " is a short victorian poem by the english poet william ernest henley ( 1849–1903 ) . 
Indictment ::   an indictment ( ) is a formal accusation that a person has committed a crime . 
Integer ::   an integer ( from the latin " integer " meaning " whole " ) is a number that can be written without a fractional component . 
Interpolation ::   in the mathematical field of numerical analysis , interpolation is a method of constructing new data points within the range of a discrete set of known data points . 
Intension ::   in linguistics , logic , philosophy , and other fields , an intension is any property or quality connoted by a word , phrase , or another symbol . 
Indonesia ::   indonesia ( or ; indonesian : ) , officially the republic of indonesia ( ) , is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in southeast asia , with some territories in oceania . 
Iqaluit ::   iqaluit (; ; ) , meaning " place of fish " , is the capital of the canadian territory of nunavut ; its largest community , and its only city . 
Island ::   an island or isle is any piece of sub - continental land that is surrounded by water . 
Idaho ::   idaho ( ) is a state in the northwestern region of the united states . 
Interrogatories ::   in law , interrogatories ( also known as requests for further information ) are a formal set of written questions propounded by one litigant and required to be answered by an adversary in order to clarify matters of fact and help to determine in advance what facts will be presented at any trial in the case . interrogatories are used to gain information from the other party relevant to the issues in a lawsuit . 
Intel ::   intel corporation ( also known as intel , stylized as intel ) is an american multinational corporation and technology company headquartered in santa clara , california ( colloquially referred to as " silicon valley " ) that was founded by gordon moore ( of moore 's law fame ) and robert noyce . 
Inventor ::   an inventor is a person who creates or discovers a new method , form , device or other useful means that becomes known as an invention . 
Iran ::   iran ( ' ) , also known as persia ( ) , officially the islamic republic of iran ( ' ) , is a sovereign state in western asia . 
Ice-T ::   tracy lauren marrow ( born february 16 , 1958 ) , better known by his stage name ice - t , is an american musician , rapper , songwriter , actor , record executive , record producer , and author . 
EFnet ::   efnet or eris - free network is a major internet relay chat ( irc ) network , with more than 35,000 users . 
Undernet ::   the undernet is the fourth largest publicly monitored internet relay chat ( irc ) network , c. 2016 , with about 19 client servers serving 17,444 users in 6621 channels at any given time . 
DALnet ::   dalnet is an internet relay chat ( irc ) network made up of 33 servers , with a stable population of approximately 8,000 users in about 7,000 channels . 
BitchX ::   bitchx is a free irc client and has been considered to be the most popular ircii - based irc client . 
MIRC ::   mirc is an internet relay chat ( irc ) client for windows , created in 1995 and developed by khaled mardam - bey . 
XChat ::   xchat is an internet relay chat client . 
Irssi ::   irssi ( ( audio ) ) is an irc client program for linux , freebsd , mac os x and microsoft windows . 
Ideogram ::   an ideogram or ideograph ( from greek " idéa " " idea " and " gráphō " " to write " ) is a graphic symbol that represents an idea or concept , independent of any particular language , and specific words or phrases . 
Iron ::   iron is a chemical element with symbol fe ( from ) and atomic number 26 . 
Irn-Bru ::   irn - bru ( " iron brew " ) is a scottish carbonated soft drink , often described as " scotland 's other national drink " ( after whisky ) . 
ITU-T ::   the itu telecommunication standardization sector ( itu - t ) is one of the three sectors ( divisions or units ) of the international telecommunication union ( itu ) ; it coordinates standards for telecommunications . 
Internalization ::   internalization ( or internalisation ) has different definitions depending on the field that the term is used in . 
Indium ::   indium is a chemical element with symbol   in and atomic number 49 . 
Iodine ::   iodine is a chemical element with symbol i and atomic number 53 . 
IKEA ::   ikea ( or ; ) is a multinational group , headquartered in the netherlands , that designs and sells , kitchen appliances and home accessories . 
Iridium ::   iridium is a chemical element with symbol ir and atomic number 77 . 
Inch ::   the inch ( abbreviation : in or ″ ) is a unit of length in the ( british ) imperial and united states customary systems of measurement now formally equal to yard but usually understood as of a foot . 
Inn ::   inns are generally establishments or buildings where travelers can seek lodging and , usually , food and drink . 
Iota ::   iota (; uppercase ι , lowercase ι ; ) is the ninth letter of the greek alphabet . 
Infocom ::   infocom was a software company based in cambridge , massachusetts that produced numerous works of interactive fiction . 
Icon ::   an icon ( from greek " eikōn " " image " ) is a religious work of art , most commonly a painting , from the eastern orthodox church , oriental orthodoxy , and certain eastern catholic churches . 
Iconology ::   iconology is a method of interpretation in cultural history and the history of art used by aby warburg , erwin panofsky and their followers that uncovers the cultural , social , and historical background of themes and subjects in the visual arts . 
Isomorphism ::   in mathematics , an isomorphism ( from the ancient greek : ἴσος " isos " " equal " , and μορφή " morphe " " form " or " shape " ) is a homomorphism or morphism ( i.e. a mathematical mapping ) that admits an inverse . 
Illinois ::   illinois ( ) is a state in the midwestern region of the united states . 
Incunable ::   an incunable , or sometimes incunabulum ( plural incunables or incunabula , respectively ) , is a book , pamphlet , or broadside ( such as the " almanach cracoviense ad annum 1474 " ) that was printed — not handwritten — before the year 1501 in europe . 
Isotropy ::   isotropy is uniformity in all orientations ; it is derived from the greek " isos " ( ἴσος , " equal " ) and " tropos " ( τρόπος , " way " ) . 
Insulin ::   insulin " ( from the latin , insula meaning island ) " is a peptide hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreatic islets , and it is considered to be the main anabolic hormone of the body . 
Inductor ::   an inductor , also called a coil or reactor , is a passive two - terminal electrical component that stores electrical energy in a magnetic field when electric current flows through it . 
Inertia ::   inertia is the resistance of any physical object to any change in its state of motion . 
Ibanez ::   the hoshino gakki company began in 1908 as the musical instrument sales division of the " hoshino shoten " , a bookstore chain . 
Incest ::   incest is sexual activity between family members or close relatives . 
Ice ::   ice is water frozen into a solid state . 
Immunology ::   immunology is a branch of biology that covers the study of immune systems in all organisms . 
Instrumental ::   an instrumental is a musical composition or recording without lyrics , or singing , although it might include some inarticulate vocals , such as shouted backup vocals in a big band setting . 
Idempotence ::   idempotence ( uk : ; us : ) is the property of certain operations in mathematics and computer science that they can be applied multiple times without changing the result beyond the initial application . 
Imhotep ::   imhotep (; egyptian : " ỉỉ - m - ḥtp " " * jā - im - ḥātap " , in unicode hieroglyphs : 𓇍𓅓𓊵:𓏏*𓊪 , " the one who comes in peace " ; fl . late 27th century bc ) was an egyptian chancellor to the pharaoh djoser , probable architect of the step pyramid , and high priest of the sun god ra at heliopolis . 
Ictinus ::   ictinus (; , " iktinos " ) was an architect active in the mid 5th century bc . 
IAI ::   iai is an acronym for : 
IGF ::   igf may stand for : 
Idiot ::   an idiot , dolt , dullard or ( archaically ) mome is a person perceived to be lacking intelligence , or someone who acts in a self - defeating or significantly counterproductive way . 
Islamism ::   islamism is a concept whose meaning has been debated in both public and academic contexts . 
Infusoria ::   infusoria is a collective term for minute aquatic creatures such as ciliates , euglenoids , protozoa , unicellular algae and small invertebrates that exist in freshwater ponds . 
Infrared ::   infrared radiation , or simply infrared or ir , is electromagnetic radiation ( emr ) with longer wavelengths than those of visible light , and is therefore invisible , although it is sometimes loosely called infrared light . 
Icosidodecahedron ::   in geometry , an icosidodecahedron is a polyhedron with twenty triangular faces and twelve pentagonal faces . 
Income ::   income is the consumption and savings opportunity gained by an entity within a specified timeframe , which is generally expressed in monetary terms . 
Iona ::   iona ( ) is a small island in the inner hebrides off the ross of mull on the western coast of scotland . 
Irish ::   irish most commonly refers to : irish may also refer to : 
Cosmicomics ::   cosmicomics is a collection of twelve short stories by italo calvino first published in italian in 1965 and in english in 1968 . 
IA-32 ::   ia-32 ( short for " intel architecture , 32-bit " , sometimes also called i386 ) is the 32-bit version of the x86 instruction set architecture ( isa ) , first implemented in the intel 80386 microprocessors in 1985 . 
Isolationism ::   isolationism is a category of foreign policies institutionalized by leaders who asserted that their nations ' best interests were best served by keeping the affairs of other countries at a distance . 
Ivanhoe ::   ivanhoe is a historical novel by sir walter scott , first published in 1820 in three volumes and subtitled " a romance " . 
Internetworking ::   internetworking is the practice of connecting a computer network with other networks through the use of gateways that provide a common method of routing information packets between the networks . 
Infantry ::   infantry is the branch of an army that engages in military combat on foot , distinguished from cavalry , artillery , and tank forces . 
INTERCAL ::   the compiler language with no pronounceable acronym , abbreviated intercal , is an esoteric programming language that was created as a parody by don woods and james m. lyon , two princeton university students , in 1972 . 
Iconoclasm ::   iconoclasm is the social belief in the importance of the destruction of usually religious icons and other images or monuments , most frequently for religious or political reasons . 
Imbolc ::   imbolc or imbolg ( ) , also called ( saint ) brigid 's day ( , , ) , is a gaelic traditional festival marking the beginning of spring . 
Isaiah ::   isaiah ( or ; within the text of the book of isaiah , isaiah himself is referred to as " the prophet " , but the exact relationship between the book of isaiah and any such historical isaiah is complicated . 
Intifada ::   intifada ( " ") is an arabic word literally meaning , as a noun , " tremor " , " shivering " , " shuddering " . 
Ionosphere ::   the ionosphere ( ) is a region of earth 's upper atmosphere , from about to altitude , that includes the thermosphere and parts of the mesosphere and exosphere . 
Interlingua ::   interlingua (; iso 639 language codes " ia " , " ina " ) is an italic international auxiliary language ( ial ) , developed between 1937 and 1951 by the international auxiliary language association ( iala ) . 
Interferon ::   interferons ( ifns ) are a group of signaling proteins made and released by host cells in response to the presence of several pathogens , such as viruses , bacteria , parasites , and also tumor cells . 
Ivory ::   ivory is a hard , white material from the tusks ( traditionally elephant 's ) and teeth of animals , that can be used in art or manufacturing . 
ICQ ::   icq is an instant messaging client that was first developed and popularized by the israeli company mirabilis in 1996 . 
Impressionism ::   impressionism is a 19th - century art movement characterized by relatively small , thin , yet visible brush strokes , open composition , emphasis on accurate depiction of light in its changing qualities ( often accentuating the effects of the passage of time ) , ordinary subject matter , inclusion of " movement " as a crucial element of human perception and experience , and unusual visual angles . 
Impi ::   impi is a zulu word for any armed body of men . 
Insurance ::   insurance is a means of protection from financial loss . 
Intergovernmentalism ::   in political science , intergovernmentalism treats states , and national governments in particular , as the primary actors in the integration process . 
Individualism ::   individualism is the moral stance , political philosophy , ideology , or social outlook that emphasizes the moral worth of the individual . 
Inquisition ::   the inquisition was a group of institutions within the government system of the catholic church whose aim was to combat heresy . 
Isaac :: 
Iduna ::   iduna can mean several things : 
Interdisciplinarity ::   interdisciplinarity involves the combining of two or more academic disciplines into one activity ( e.g. , a research project ) . 
ITU-R ::   the itu radiocommunication sector ( itu - r ) is one of the three sectors ( divisions or units ) of the international telecommunication union ( itu ) and is responsible for radio communication . 
Invertebrate ::   invertebrates are animals that neither possess nor develop a vertebral column ( commonly known as a " backbone " or " spine " ) , derived from the notochord . 
Irredentism ::   irredentism ( from italian " irredento " for " unredeemed " ) is any political or popular movement intended to reclaim and reoccupy an area that the movement 's members consider " lost " or " unredeemed " . 
ICANN ::   the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers ( icann ) is a nonprofit organization responsible for coordinating the maintenance and procedures of several databases related to the namespaces of the internet , ensuring the network 's stable and secure operation . 
Imam ::   imam (; ' ; plural : ' ) is the name of an islamic leadership position . 
Indigo ::   indigo is a deep and rich color close to the color wheel blue ( a primary color in the rgb color space ) , as well as to some variants of ultramarine . 
Infinitive ::   infinitive ( abbreviated ) is a grammatical term referring to certain verb forms existing in many languages , most often used as non - finite verbs . 
Interrupt ::   in system programming , an interrupt is a signal to the processor emitted by hardware or software indicating an event that needs immediate attention . 
Ink ::   ink is a liquid or paste that contains pigments or dyes and is used to color a surface to produce an image , text , or design . 
Integrin ::   integrins are transmembrane receptors that facilitate cell - extracellular matrix ( ecm ) adhesion . 
Intellivision ::   the intellivision is a home video game console released by mattel electronics in 1979 . 
Imperialism ::   imperialism is an action that involves a country ( usually an empire or a kingdom ) extending its power by the acquisition of territories . 
IPv4 ::   internet protocol version 4 ( ipv4 ) is the fourth version of the internet protocol ( ip ) . 
IPv6 ::   internet protocol version 6 ( ipv6 ) is the most recent version of the internet protocol ( ip ) , the communications protocol that provides an identification and location system for computers on networks and routes traffic across the internet . 
Impeachment ::   impeachment is the process by which a legislative body formally levels charges against a high official of government . 
Intron ::   an intron is any nucleotide sequence within a gene that is removed by rna splicing during maturation of the final rna product . 
IEE ::   iee may stand for : 
Irgun ::   the irgun (; full title : ' , lit . " the national military organization in the land of israel " ) was a zionist paramilitary organization that operated in mandate palestine between 1931 and 1948 . 
Irenaeus ::   irenaeus (; greek : eírēnaīos ) ( early 2nd century – died c. ad 202 ) , also referred to as saint irenaeus , was bishop of lugdunum in gaul , then a part of the roman empire ( now lyon , france ) . 
Idealism ::   in philosophy , idealism is the group of philosophies which assert that reality , or reality as we can know it , is fundamentally mental , mentally constructed , or otherwise immaterial . 
Inheritance ::   inheritance is the practice of passing on property , titles , debts , rights , and obligations upon the death of an individual . 
Itanium ::   itanium ( ) is a family of 64-bit intel microprocessors that implement the intel itanium architecture ( formerly called ia-64 ) . 
Infundibulum ::   an infundibulum ( latin for " funnel " ; plural , " infundibula " ) is a funnel - shaped cavity or organ . 
Infanticide ::   infanticide ( or infant homicide ) is the intentional killing of infants . 
Inhalant ::   inhalants are a broad range of household and industrial chemicals whose volatile vapors or pressurized gases are concentrated and breathed in via the nose or mouth to produce intoxication ( called " getting high " in slang ) , in a manner not intended by the manufacturer . 
Intelsat ::   intelsat , s.a. is a communications satellite services provider . 
ITSO ::   itso may stand for : 
Integral ::   in mathematics , an integral assigns numbers to functions in a way that can describe displacement , area , volume , and other concepts that arise by combining infinitesimal data . 
Japan ::   japan ( " nippon " or " nihon " ; formally " " or " nihon - koku " , meaning " state of japan " ) is a sovereign island nation in east asia . 
Judo ::   the philosophy and subsequent pedagogy developed for judo became the model for other modern japanese martial arts that developed from . 
Jazz ::   jazz is a music genre that originated in african american communities of new orleans , united states , in the late 19th and early 20th centuries , and developed from roots in blues and ragtime . 
Judaism ::   judaism ( originally from hebrew , " yehudah " , " judah " ; via latin and greek ) is an ancient monotheistic abrahamic religion with the torah as its foundational text . 
January ::   january is the first month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars and the first month to have the length of 31 the first day of the month is known as new year 's day . 
Jurassic ::   the jurassic (; from jura mountains ) was a geologic period and system that spanned 56 million years from the end of the triassic period million years ago ( mya ) to the beginning of the cretaceous period mya . 
Jeep ::   jeep is a brand of american automobiles that is a division of fca us llc ( formerly chrysler group , llc ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of fiat chrysler automobiles . 
Jamaica ::   jamaica ( ) is an island country situated in the caribbean sea , consisting of the third - largest island of the greater antilles . 
Jersey ::   jersey ( , ; jèrriais : " jèrri " ) , officially the bailiwick of jersey (; jèrriais : " bailliage dé jèrri " ) , is a crown dependency of the crown located near the coast of normandy , france . 
Jewellery ::   jewellery ( british english ) or jewelry ( american english ) consists of small decorative items worn for personal adornment , such as brooches , rings , necklaces , earrings , pendants and bracelets . 
Julmust ::   julmust ( " yule " and ' " not yet fermented juice of fruit or berries " , though there is no such juice in " julmust " ) is a soft drink that is mainly consumed in sweden around christmas . 
June ::   june is the sixth month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars and the second month to have the length of 30 days . 
July ::   july is the seventh month of the year ( between june and august ) in the julian and gregorian calendars and the fourth month to have the length of 31 days . 
Jason ::   jason (; " iásōn " ) was an ancient greek mythological hero who was the leader of the argonauts whose quest for the golden fleece featured in greek literature . 
Jabberwocky ::   " jabberwocky " is a nonsense poem written by lewis carroll about the killing of a creature named " the jabberwock " . 
Jacobitism ::   jacobitism ( ; after james ii was deposed in 1688 and replaced by his daughter mary ii , ruling jointly with her husband and first cousin ( james 's nephew ) william iii , the stuarts lived in exile , occasionally attempting to regain the throne . 
Journalism ::   journalism is the production and distribution of reports on the interaction of events , facts , ideas , and people that are the " news of the day " and that impacts society to at least some degree . 
Jötunheimr ::   jötunheimr ( or jǫtunheimr in old norse orthography ; often anglicized as jotunheim ) is the homeland of the jötnar , the giants in norse mythology . 
Jerome ::   jerome (; ; ; c. 27 march 347 – 30 september 420 ) was a priest , confessor , theologian , and historian . 
JPEG ::   jpeg ( ) is a commonly used method of lossy compression for digital images , particularly for those images produced by digital photography . 
Jetsprint ::   jetsprint or sprint boat racing is a form of racing sport in which jetboats , with a crew of two , race individually against the clock through a twisting series of channels in less than a metre of water . 
Jainism ::   jainism ( ) , traditionally known as jain dharma , is one of the most ancient indian religions . 
Jerusalem ::   jerusalem (; ; ) is a city in the middle east , located on a plateau in the judaean mountains between the mediterranean and the dead sea . 
Japanese ::   japanese refers to something from or related to japan , an island country in east asia , including : 
Jericho ::   jericho (; ' ; ' ) is a city in the palestinian territories and is located near the jordan river in the west bank . 
Jacob ::   jacob (; ) , later given the name israel , is regarded as a patriarch of the israelites . 
Jehoshaphat ::   jehoshaphat (; alternatively spelled jehosaphat , josaphat , or yehoshafat ; ; ; ) is a biblical name which refers to several characters in the hebrew bible : the first , jehoshaphat the recorder , son of ahilud , is a scribe who first appears in 2 samuel . 
Jehu ::   jehu (; , meaning " yahu is he " ; ; ) was the tenth king of the northern kingdom of israel ( samaria ) since jeroboam i , noted for exterminating the house of ahab at the instruction of jehovah . 
Joshua ::   joshua or jehoshua ( " yĕhôshúʿa " ; " yeshua " ; " yeshua " ; , " yushaʿ ibn nūn " ; , ) is the central figure in the hebrew bible 's book of joshua . 
Jeroboam ::   jeroboam i ( hebrew : " yārāḇə‘ām " ; ) was the first king of the northern kingdom of israel after the revolt of the ten northern israelite tribes against rehoboam that put an end to the united monarchy . 
Jehoram ::   jehoram ( meaning " jehovah is exalted " in biblical hebrew ) was the name of several individuals in the tanakh . 
Jutes ::   the jutes ( ) , iuti , or iutæ were a germanic people . 
Judah ::   judah ( hebrew : יְהוּדָה – often transliterated " yehudah " ) was the fourth son of the biblical patriarch jacob ( israel ) . 
Jackal ::   jackals are medium - sized omnivorous mammals of the genus " canis " , which also includes wolves and the domestic dog . 
Jihad ::   jihad (; " " ) is an arabic word which literally means striving or struggling , especially with a praiseworthy aim . 
Jaguar ::   the jaguar ( " panthera onca " ) is a big cat , a feline in the " panthera " genus , and is the only extant " panthera " species native to the americas . 
Jonah ::   jonah or jonas is the name given in the hebrew bible ( tanakh / old testament ) to a prophet of the northern kingdom of israel in about the 8th century bce . 
JUnit ::   junit is a unit testing framework for the java programming language . 
Joystick ::   a joystick is an input device consisting of a stick that pivots on a base and reports its angle or direction to the device it is controlling . 
Jordanes ::   jordanes ( ) , also written jordanis or , uncommonly , jornandes , was a 6th - century roman bureaucrat , who turned his hand to history later in life . 
Joke ::   a joke is a display of humour in which words are used within a specific and well - defined narrative structure to make people laugh and is not meant to be taken seriously . 
Jalalabad ::   jalālābād ( pashto/ ) , formerly called ādīnapūr ( ) as documented by the 7th century hsüan - tsang , is a city in eastern afghanistan . 
Jakarta ::   jakarta ( ) , officially the special capital region of jakarta , is the capital of indonesia , formerly batavia during dutch east indies . 
Joliet ::   there are several people and things named joliet : 
Jahangir ::   mirza nur - ud - din beig mohammad khan salim , known by his imperial name jahangir ( persian for " conqueror of the world " ( 31 august 1569 – 28 october 1627 ) ) , was the fourth mughal emperor who ruled from 1605 until his death in 1627 . 
Joule ::   the joule ( ) ; symbol : j ) , is a derived unit of energy in the international system of units . 
Jaggies ::   " jaggies " is the informal name for artifacts in raster images , most frequently from aliasing , which in turn is often caused by non - linear mixing effects producing high - frequency components or missing or poor anti - aliasing filtering prior to sampling . 
Jurisprudence ::   jurisprudence is the study and theory of law . 
Justice ::   justice is the legal or philosophical theory by which fairness is administered . 
Jedi ::   the jedi are the main protagonists in the " star wars " universe . 
Jurisdiction ::   jurisdiction ( from the latin " ius , " meaning " law " and " " meaning " to speak " ) is the practical authority granted to a legal body to administer justice within a defined field of responsibility , e.g. , michigan tax law . 
Judeo-Christian ::   judeo - christian is a term that groups judaism and christianity , either in reference to christianity 's derivation from judaism or due to perceived parallels or commonalities shared between those two religions .. the term became prevalent towards the middle of the 20th century in the united states to link broader principles of judeo - christian ethics such as dignity of human life , adherence to the abrahamic covenant , common decency , and support of traditional family values . 
Justus ::   justus ( died on 10 november between 627 and 631 ) was the fourth archbishop of canterbury . 
Rumi ::   jalāl ad - dīn muhammad rūmī ( ) , also known as jalāl ad - dīn muhammad balkhī ( ) , mevlânâ / mawlānā ( , " our master " ) , mevlevî / mawlawī ( , " my master " ) , and more popularly simply as rumi ( 30 september 1207   – 17 december 1273 ) , was a 13th - century persian sunni muslim poet , jurist , islamic scholar , theologian , and sufi mystic . 
JANET ::   janet is a high - speed network for the uk research and education community provided by jisc , a not - for - profit company set up to provide computing support for education . 
Japheth ::   japheth ( ' , ' ; " " ; ) , is one of the three sons of noah in the book of genesis , where he plays a role in the story of noah 's drunkenness and the curse of ham , and subsequently in the table of nations as the ancestor of the peoples of europe and anatolia . 
Josephus ::   titus flavius josephus (; 37 – 100 ) , ( ) born yosef ben matityahu ( , " yosef ben matityahu " ; ) , was a first - century romano - jewish scholar , historian and hagiographer , who was born in jerusalem — then part of roman judea — to a father of priestly descent and a mother who claimed royal ancestry . 
Jamiroquai ::   jamiroquai ( ) are a british funk and acid jazz band formed in 1992 . fronted by lead singer jay kay , jamiroquai was initially the most prominent component in the london - based funk / acid jazz movement , alongside groups such as incognito , the james taylor quartet , and the brand new heavies . 
Joual ::   joual ( ) is the common name for the linguistic features of basilectal quebec french that are associated with the french - speaking working class in montreal which has become a symbol of national identity for a large number of artists from that area . 
Jacobite ::   jacobite means follower of jacob or james . 
Jasmuheen ::   jasmuheen ( born ellen greve ; 1957 ) is a proponent of " pranic nourishment " or breatharianism , a practice defined as living without food or fluid of any sort and regarded by the scientific community as a lethal pseudoscience . 
Jell-O ::   jell - o is a registered trademark of kraft foods for varieties of gelatin desserts , including fruit gels , puddings and no - bake cream pies . 
Kludge ::   a kludge ( or kluge ) ( /klʌdʒ/ , /kluːʒ/ , /kluːdʒ/ ) is a workaround or quick - and - dirty solution that is clumsy , inelegant , inefficient , difficult to extend and hard to maintain . 
Kishka ::   kishka can be : 
Kilogram ::   the kilogram or kilogramme ( si unit symbol : kg ) is the base unit of mass in the international system of units ( si ) , and is defined as being equal to the mass of the " international prototype of the kilogram " ( ipk , also known as " le grand k " or " big k " ) . 
Knitting ::   knitting is a method by which yarn is manipulated to create a textile or fabric for use in many types of garments . 
Kamikaze ::   , officially , were a part of the japanese special attack units of military aviators who initiated suicide attacks for the empire of japan against allied naval vessels in the closing stages of the pacific campaign of world war ii , designed to destroy warships more effectively than was possible with conventional air attacks . 
KDE ::   kde ( ) is an international free software community that develops free and open source based software . 
Khazars ::   the khazars ( , ; ; , " xäzärlär " ; , " kuzarim " ; , " xazar " ; , " chozáry " ; , " hazáry " ; , " xazar " ; , " cházaroi " ; ) were a semi - nomadic turkic people , who created what for its duration was the most powerful polity to emerge from the break - up of the western turkic kaganate . astride a major artery of commerce between northern europe and southwestern asia , 
Kazakhstan ::   kazakhstan ( , ; , " qazaqstan " , ; , " kazakhstan " ) , officially the republic of kazakhstan ( , " qazaqstan respy < nowiki>'</nowiki > bli < nowiki>'</nowiki > kasy " ; , " respublika kazakhstan " ) , is the world 's largest landlocked country , and the ninth largest in the world , with an area of . 
Kiribati ::   kiribati ( or ) , officially the republic of kiribati ( gilbertese : " ribaberiki kiribati " ) , is a sovereign state in the central pacific ocean . 
Kattegat ::   the kattegat (; , ) is a sea area bounded by the jutlandic peninsula in the west , the danish straits islands of denmark to the south and the provinces of västergötland , scania , halland and bohuslän in sweden in the east . 
Kansas ::   kansas is a u.s. state in the midwestern united states . 
K ::   k ( named " kay " ) is the eleventh letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Keno ::   keno is a lottery - like gambling game often played at modern casinos , and also offered as a game in some lotteries . 
Kenyanthropus ::   kenyanthropus platyops is a 3.5 to 3.2-million - year - old ( pliocene ) hominin fossil discovered in lake turkana , kenya in 1999 by justus erus , who was part of meave leakey 's team . 
Karate ::   the ryukyu kingdom was annexed by japan in 1879 . 
Kickboxing ::   kickboxing is a group of stand - up combat sports based on kicking and punching , historically developed from karate and muay thai . 
Korea ::   korea is a historical country in east asia ; since 1945 it has been divided into two distinct sovereign states : north korea ( officially the " democratic people 's republic of korea " ) and south korea ( officially the " republic of korea " ) . 
Kevlar ::   kevlar is the registered trademark for a para - aramid synthetic fiber , related to other aramids such as nomex and technora . 
Kent ::   kent is a county in south east england and one of the home counties . 
Kaddish ::   the kaddish or qaddish ( , " qaddiš " " holy " ; alternative spellings : ḳaddish ) is a hymn of praises to god found in jewish prayer services . 
Kalevala ::   the kalevala or the kalewala (; ) is a 19th - century work of epic poetry compiled by elias lönnrot from karelian and finnish oral folklore and mythology . 
Kenning ::   a kenning ( , ) is a type of circumlocution , in the form of a compound that employs figurative language in place of a more concrete single - word noun . 
Kista ::   kista ( ) is a district in the borough of rinkeby - kista , stockholm , sweden . 
Kilobyte ::   the kilobyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
Kraftwerk ::   kraftwerk ( , " power station " ) are a german electronic music band formed by ralf hütter and florian schneider in 1969 in düsseldorf . 
Ketone ::   in chemistry , a ketone ( alkanone ) is an organic compound with the structure rc(=o)r ' , where r and r ' can be a variety of carbon - containing substituents . 
Ketene ::   a ketene is an organic compound of the form r′r″c = c = o. ketene also refers to ch = c = o , occasionally called ethenone . 
Kistvaen ::   a kistvaen or cistvaen is a tomb or burial chamber formed from flat stone slabs in a box - like shape . 
Kraków ::   kraków ( ) , also cracow or krakow (; ) , is the second largest and one of the oldest cities in poland . 
Callicrates ::   callicrates (; , " kallikratēs " ) was an ancient greek architect active in the middle of the fifth century bc . 
Korfball ::   korfball ( ) is a ball sport , with similarities to netball and basketball . 
Kabul ::   kabul ( pashto/ , " kâbol " , ; ) is the capital of afghanistan as well as its largest city , located in the eastern section of the country . 
Kornilov ::   kornilov ( ) and kornilova ( feminine ; ) is a common russian surname derived from the baptismal name kornil ( ) . 
Kick ::   a kick is a physical strike using the leg : foot , heel , tibia , thigh or knee ( the latter is also known as a knee strike ) . 
Kilo- ::   kilo ( from the greek , literally a thousand ) is a decimal unit prefix in the metric system denoting multiplication by one thousand ( 10 ) . 
Utamaro ::   kitagawa utamaro (;   – 31 october 1806 ) was a japanese artist . 
Kentucky ::   kentucky ( , ) , officially the commonwealth of kentucky , is a state located in the east south - central region of the united states . 
Kurtosis ::   in probability theory and statistics , kurtosis ( from , " kyrtos " or " kurtos " , meaning " curved , arching " ) is a measure of the " tailedness " of the probability distribution of a real - valued random variable . 
Katakana :: 
Kitáb-i-Aqdas :: 
Kōan ::   a (; , ; " kong'an " ; ) is a story , dialogue , question , or statement , which is used in zen practice to provoke the " great doubt " and test a student 's progress in zen practice . 
Karma ::   karma (; ; ;) means action , work or deed ; it also refers to the spiritual principle of cause and effect where intent and actions of an individual ( cause ) influence the future of that individual ( effect ) . 
Kazaa ::   kazaa media desktop ( once stylized as " kazaa " , but later usually written " kazaa " ) started as a peer - to - peer file sharing application using the fasttrack protocol licensed by joltid ltd. and operated as kazaa by sharman networks . 
Kimono ::   the is a traditional japanese garment . 
Karnataka ::   karnataka is a state in the south western region of india . 
Kashrut ::   kashrut ( also kashruth or kashrus , ) is a set of jewish religious dietary laws . 
KLM ::   klm royal dutch airlines , legally " koninklijke luchtvaart maatschappij n.v. " , is the flag carrier airline of the netherlands . 
Knight ::   a knight is a person granted an honorary title of " knighthood " by a monarch or other political leader for service to the monarch or country , especially in a military capacity . 
Kuomintang ::   the kuomintang of china ( or , kmt ; often translated as the nationalist party of china ) is a major political party in the republic of china ( roc ) . 
Kabbalah ::   kabbalah ( , literally " parallel / corresponding , " or " received tradition " ) is an esoteric method , discipline , and school of thought that originated in judaism . 
Kagoshima ::   kagoshima prefecture ( also known as the satsuma domain ) was the center of the territory of the shimazu clan for many centuries . 
Kajang ::   kajang ( ) is a mukim , a state constituency and the largest town of hulu langat district , selangor , malaysia . 
Kyushu :: 
KAB-500KR ::   the kab-500kr is an electro - optical tv - guided fire and forget bomb developed by the soviet air force in the 1980s . 
KAB-500L ::   the kab-500l is a laser - guided bomb developed by the soviet air force . 
Kabaddi ::   kabaddi is a contact team sport that originated in tamilnadu , india . 
Kerameikos ::   kerameikos ( , ) also known by its latinized form ceramicus , is an area of athens , greece , located to the northwest of the acropolis , which includes an extensive area both within and outside the ancient city walls , on both sides of the dipylon ( δίπυλον ) gate and by the banks of the eridanos river . 
Kainite ::   kainite ( kmg(so)cl·3ho ) is an evaporite mineral in the class of " sulfates ( selenates , etc . ) with additional anions , with ho " according to the nickel - strunz classification . 
KAIST ::   kaist ( formally the korea advanced institute of science and technology ) is a public research university located in daedeok innopolis , daejeon , south korea . 
Kaolinite ::   kaolinite is a clay mineral , part of the group of industrial minerals , with the chemical composition alsio(oh ) . 
Ketamine ::   ketamine , sold under the brand name ketalar among others , is a medication mainly used for starting and maintaining anesthesia . 
Koh-i-Noor ::   the koh - i - noor ( persian for mountain of light ; also spelled kohinoor and koh - i - nur ) is a large , colourless diamond from the era of wodiyar kings of mysore in karnataka , india , possibly in the 13th   century . 
Kvass ::   kvass is a traditional slavic and fermented beverage commonly made from rye bread , known in many eastern european countries and especially in ukraine and russia as black bread . 
Kernite ::   kernite , also known as rasorite is a hydrated sodium borate hydroxide mineral with formula . 
Ketoprofen ::   ketoprofen , ( rs)-2-(3-benzoylphenyl)-propionic acid ( chemical formula cho ) is one of the propionic acid class of nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaid ) with analgesic and antipyretic effects . 
Kabuki ::   the individual kanji , from left to right , mean " sing " ( ) , " dance " ( ) , and " skill " ( ) . 
Kangol ::   kangol is a british clothing company famous for its headwear . 
Kerosene ::   kerosene , also known as paraffin , lamp oil , and coal oil ( an obsolete term ) , is a combustible hydrocarbon liquid which is derived from petroleum , widely used as a fuel in industry as well as households . 
Kwashiorkor ::   kwashiorkor is a form of severe protein – energy malnutrition characterized by edema , irritability , ulcerating dermatoses , and an enlarged liver with fatty infiltrates . 
Kundalini ::   kundalini ( sanskrit : " " , , " coiled one " ) , in the concept of dharma refers to a form of primal energy ( or " shakti " ) said to be located at the base of the spine . 
Kohlrabi ::   kohlrabi ( german turnip or turnip cabbage ; " brassica oleracea " gongylodes group ) is a biennial vegetable , and is a low , stout cultivar of cabbage . 
Tettigoniidae ::   insects in the family tettigoniidae are commonly called bush crickets ( in the uk ) , katydids ( in the usa ) , or long - horned grasshoppers ( mostly obsolete ) . 
Knot ::   a knot is a method of fastening or securing linear material such as rope by tying or interweaving . 
Kanaris ::   kanaris may mean : 
Kinderhook ::   there are several places named kinderhook in the united states : 
Kamacite ::   kamacite is an alloy of iron and nickel , which is found on earth only in meteorites . 
Kaohsiung ::   kaohsiung city (; old names : takao , takow , takau ) is a special municipality in taiwan located in southern - western taiwan and facing the taiwan strait . 
Kuleshov ::   kuleshov ( ) and kuleshova (; feminine ) is a common russian surname that traces its origins to ukraine people with this surname include : 
Kashubians ::   kashubs (; ; ) also spelled as kaszubians , kassubians , cassubians , cashubes or kashubians , and formerly known as kashubes , are a west slavic ethnic group in pomerelia , north - central poland . 
Karst ::   karst is a topography formed from the dissolution of soluble rocks such as limestone , dolomite , and gypsum . 
Kidney ::   the kidneys are two bean - shaped organs found on the left and right sides of the body in vertebrates . 
KHAD ::   khadamat - e aetla'at - e dawlati ( pashto/ ) translates directly to english as : " state intelligence agency " . 
Kantele ::   a kantele ( ) is a traditional finnish and karelian plucked string instrument ( chordophone ) belonging to the south east baltic box zither family known as the baltic psaltery along with estonian kannel , latvian kokles , lithuanian kanklės and russian gusli . 
Kumquat ::   kumquats ( or cumquats in australian english ; ; or ) ( " citrus japonica " ) are a group of small fruit - bearing trees in the flowering plant family rutaceae . 
Kyanite ::   kyanite is a typically blue silicate mineral , commonly found in aluminium - rich metamorphic pegmatites and/or sedimentary rock . 
Kaleidoscope ::   a kaleidoscope is an optical instrument with two or more reflecting surfaces inclined to each other in an angle , so that one or more ( parts of ) objects on one end of the mirrors are seen as a regular symmetrical pattern when viewed from the other end , due to repeated reflection . 
KB ::   kb , kb or kb may stand for : 
Kotoamatsukami ::   in shinto , is the collective name for the first gods which came into existence at the time of the creation of the universe . 
Krupp ::   the krupp family ( see pronunciation ) , a prominent 400-year - old german dynasty from essen , have become famous for their production of steel , artillery , ammunition , and other armaments . 
Guanyin ::   guanyin or guan yin is an east asian bodhisattva associated with compassion as venerated by mahayana buddhists . 
Kangaroo ::   the kangaroo is a marsupial from the family macropodidae ( macropods , meaning " large foot " ) . 
Chios ::   chios (; , alternative transliterations " khíos " and " híos " ) is the fifth largest of the greek islands , situated in the aegean sea , off the anatolian coast . 
Kurds ::   the kurds ( , کورد ) or the kurdish people ( , ) are an ethnic group in the middle east , mostly inhabiting a contiguous area spanning adjacent parts of southeastern turkey ( northern kurdistan ) , northwestern iran ( eastern kurdistan ) , northern iraq ( southern kurdistan ) , and northern syria ( western kurdistan ) . 
Kalsilite ::   kalsilite ( kalsio ) is a vitreous white to grey feldspathoidal mineral that is found in some potassium - rich lavas , such as from chamengo crater in uganda . 
Kangchenjunga ::   kangchenjunga ( , " kañcanajaṅghā " ) , also spelled kanchenjunga , is the third highest mountain in the world , and lies partly in nepal and partly in sikkim , india . 
Karaoke ::   the term " karaoke " is also used by recording engineers , meaning there is no vocal track . 
Keykode ::   keykode ( also written as either keykode or keycode ) is an eastman kodak company advancement on edge numbers , which are letters , numbers and symbols placed at regular intervals along the edge of 35 mm and 16 mm film to allow for frame - by - frame specific identification . 
Knout ::   a knout is a heavy scourge - like multiple whip , usually made of a bunch of rawhide thongs attached to a long handle , sometimes with metal wire or hooks incorporated . 
Khornerstone ::   in computer performance testing , khornerstone is a multipurpose benchmark from workstation labs used in various periodicals such as " unix review " . 
Ket ::   ket or ket may also refer to : 
Kendo ::   kendo is an activity that combines martial arts practices and values with strenuous sport - like physical activity . 
Kingfisher ::   kingfishers or alcedinidae are a family of small to medium - sized , brightly colored birds in the order coraciiformes . 
Kesgrave ::   kesgrave is a small town containing two large estates in the english county of suffolk on the eastern edge of ipswich . 
KA9Q ::   ka9q , also called ka9q nos or simply nos , was a popular early implementation of tcp / ip and associated protocols for amateur packet radio systems and smaller personal computers connected via serial lines . 
Kurfürstendamm ::   the kurfürstendamm ( colloquially ku'damm , ) is one of the most famous avenues in berlin . 
Karachi ::   karachi (; ala - lc : , ; ) is the capital of the pakistani province of sindh . 
Kahlúa ::   kahlúa is a coffee - flavored liqueur from mexico . 
Kemerovo ::   kemerovo ( ) is an industrial city and the administrative center of kemerovo oblast , russia , located at the confluence of the iskitim and tom rivers , in the major coal mining region of the kuznetsk basin . 
FX-87 ::   fx-87 is a polymorphic typed functional language based on a system for static program analysis in which every expression has two static properties : a type and an effect . 
Katal ::   the katal ( symbol : kat ) is the si unit of catalytic activity . 
Koala ::   the koala ( " phascolarctos cinereus " , or , inaccurately , koala bear ) is an arboreal herbivorous marsupial native to australia . 
Kilobit ::   the kilobit is a multiple of the unit bit for digital information or computer storage . 
Kipper ::   a kipper is a whole herring , a small , oily fish , that has been split in a butterfly fashion from tail to head along the dorsal ridge , gutted , salted or pickled , and cold - smoked over smouldering woodchips ( typically oak ) . 
Knife ::   a knife ( plural knives ) is a tool with a cutting edge or blade , hand - held or otherwise , with most having a handle . 
Knockout ::   a knockout ( abbreviated to ko or k.o. ) is a fight - ending , winning criterion in several full - contact combat sports , such as boxing , kickboxing , muay thai , mixed martial arts , karate , some forms of taekwondo , and other sports involving striking , as well as fighting - based video games . 
Kathmandu ::   kathmandu (; , " yei " , nepali pronunciation : ) is the capital city of the federal democratic republic of nepal , the largest himalayan state in asia . 
Kiosk ::   a kiosk ( , ) is a small , separated garden pavilion open on some or all sides . 
KL0 ::   kernel language 0 ( kl0 ) is a sequential logic programming language based on prolog , used in the icot fifth generation computer project . 
KL1 ::   kl1 , or kernel language 1 is an experimental and - parallel version of kl0 developed for the icot fifth generation computer project . 
KL-ONE ::   kl - one ( pronounced " kay ell won " ) is a well known knowledge representation system in the tradition of semantic networks and frames ; that is , it is a frame language . 
Keilhauite ::   keilhauite ( also known as " yttrotitanite " ) is a variety of the mineral titanite of a brownish black color , related to titanite in form . 
Kana ::   katakana with a few additions is also used to write ainu . 
Knowbot ::   a knowbot is a kind of bot that collects information by automatically gathering certain specified information from web sites . 
Knuth ::   knuth is a name of nordic origin . " 
KOMPILER ::   in computing , the kompiler was one of the first language compilation and runtime systems for international business machines ' ibm 701 , the fastest commercial u.s. computer available in 1955 . 
KornShell ::   kornshell ( ksh ) is a unix shell which was developed by david korn at bell labs in the early 1980s and announced at usenix on july 14 , 1983 . 
Kilt ::   a kilt ( ) is a knee - length non - bifurcated skirt - type garment , with pleats at the back , originating in the traditional dress of gaelic men and boys in the scottish highlands . 
KR ::   kr is the iso 3166 - 1 alpha-2 and wmo country code for south korea . 
Kremvax ::   kremvax was originally a fictitious usenet site at the kremlin , named like the then large number of usenet vaxen with names of the form foovax . 
KSR ::   ksr is an initialism that may mean : 
John-F.-Kennedy-Platz ::   john - f .- kennedy - platz ( john f. kennedy square ) , formerly rudolph - wilde - platz , in berlin - schöneberg is the square in front of the former city hall of west berlin ( rathaus schöneberg ) . 
Kateretes ::   kateretes is a genus of sap beetle 
Keflavík ::   keflavík ( pronounced , meaning " driftwood bay " ) is a town in the reykjanes region in southwest iceland . 
Kiritimati ::   kiritimati , or christmas island , is a pacific ocean raised coral atoll in the northern line islands . 
Kandahar ::   kandahar ( ) or qandahar ( ; , known in older literature as candahar ) is the second - largest city in afghanistan , with a population of about 491,500 . 
Komondor ::   the komondor ( in hungarian , the plural form of komondor is " komondorok " ) , also known as the hungarian sheepdog , is a large , white - coloured hungarian breed of livestock guardian dog with a long , corded coat . 
Keeshond ::   the keeshond ( ; plural : keeshonden ) is a medium - sized dog with a plush , two - layer coat of silver and black fur with a ruff and a curled tail . 
Krag–Jørgensen :: 
Krakatoa ::   krakatoa , or krakatau ( ) , is a volcanic island situated in the sunda strait between the islands of java and sumatra in the indonesian province of lampung . 
Krugerrand ::   " for the ian mcnabb album , see krugerrands . " 
Koenigsegg ::   koenigsegg automotive ab (; ) is a swedish manufacturer of high - performance sports cars , based in ängelholm , skåne county , sweden . 
Khartoum ::   khartoum ( ) is the capital and largest city of sudan and the state of khartoum . 
Kashmir ::   kashmir is the northernmost geographical region of the indian subcontinent . 
Kinglassie ::   kinglassie ( gaelic : " cille moghlasaidh " ) is a small village and parish in central fife , scotland . 
K2 ::   k2 ( ) , also known as mount godwin - austen or chhogori ( balti and ) , is the second highest mountain in the world , after mount everest , at above sea level . 
Kiln ::   a kiln ( or , originally pronounced " kill " , with the " n " silent ) is a thermally insulated chamber , a type of oven , that produces temperatures sufficient to complete some process , such as hardening , drying , or chemical changes . 
Kiwi ::   kiwi ( pronounced ) or kiwis are flightless birds native to new zealand , in the genus apteryx and family apterygidae . 
Kiwifruit ::   kiwifruit ( often abbreviated as kiwi ) or chinese gooseberry is the edible berries of several species of woody vines in the genus " actinidia " . 
Kettlebaston ::   kettlebaston is a village and a civil parish with just over 30 inhabitants in the babergh district of suffolk , england located around east of lavenham . 
Kami ::   in shinto , kami are not separate from nature , but are of nature , possessing positive and negative , and good and evil characteristics . 
Koalang ::   koalang is a term coined by janusz a. zajdel , a polish science fiction writer . 
Kobellite ::   kobellite ( pbcu(bi , sb)s ) is a gray , fibrous , metallic mineral . 
Kayak ::   a kayak is a small , narrow watercraft which is propelled by means of a double - bladed paddle . 
Kriegsmarine ::   the kriegsmarine ( , " war navy " ) was the navy of nazi germany from 1935 to 1945 . 
Kryptonite ::   this page was last revised at 05:34 , 31 may 2017 ( utc ) ( 5 months ago ) . 
Kosovo ::   kosovo (; , or " kosovë " ; ) is a disputed territory and partially recognised state in southeastern europe that declared independence from serbia in february 2008 as the republic of kosovo (; ) . 
Konqueror ::   konqueror , a free and open - source web browser and file manager , provides web access and file - viewer functionality for file systems ( such as local files , files on a remote ftp server and files in a disk image ) . 
Kutia ::   kutia or kutya is a cereal dish , traditionally served in ukraine , belarus , russia and some parts of poland . 
Kowtow ::   kowtow , which is borrowed from " kau tau " in cantonese ( " koutou " in mandarin chinese ) , is the act of deep respect shown by prostration , that is , kneeling and bowing so low as to have one 's head touching the ground . 
Kuznetsov ::   kuznetsov , kuznyetsov , kuznetsoff , or kouznetsov ( masculine , ) or kuznetsova ( feminine , ) is the third most common russian surname , an equivalent of the english " smith " ( derived from a russian word " kuznets " that means " blacksmith " ) . 
Kołobrzeg ::   kołobrzeg ( ) is a city in the west pomeranian voivodeship in north - western poland with some 47,000 inhabitants ( ) . 
Icehenge ::   icehenge is a science fiction novel by american author kim stanley robinson , published in 1984 . 
Künstlerroman ::   a künstlerroman (; plural -ane ) , meaning " artist 's novel " in english , is a narrative about an artist 's growth to maturity . 
Kwanzaa ::   kwanzaa ( ) is a week - long celebration held in the united states and in other nations of the west african diaspora in the americas . 
K-Meleon ::   k - meleon is an open - source web browser for microsoft windows . 
Kittiwake ::   the kittiwakes ( genus rissa ) are two closely related seabird species in the gull family laridae , the black - legged kittiwake ( " r. tridactyla " ) and the red - legged kittiwake ( " r. brevirostris " ) . 
Koi ::   koi is an informal group of the colored variants of the amur carp . 
Keiretsu ::   a is a set of companies with interlocking business relationships and shareholdings . 
Lynx ::   a lynx (; plural lynx or lynxes ) is any of the four species within the " lynx " genus of medium - sized wild cats , which includes the bobcat . 
Leisure ::   leisure has often been defined as a quality of experience or as free time . 
Latvia ::   latvia , ; ) , officially the republic of latvia ( ) , is a country in the baltic region of northern europe , one of the three baltic states . 
Luxembourg ::   luxembourg ( ) ( ; , ) , officially the grand duchy of luxembourg , is a landlocked country in western europe . 
Language ::   language consists of the development , acquisition , maintenance and use of complex systems of communication , particularly the human ability to do so ; and a language is any specific example of such a system . 
Lorisidae ::   lorisidae ( or sometimes loridae ) is a family of strepsirrhine primates . 
Lawyer ::   a lawyer is a person who practices law , as a paralegal , advocate , barrister , attorney , counselor or solicitor or chartered legal executive . 
Logrolling ::   logrolling is the trading of favors , or " quid pro quo " , such as vote trading by legislative members to obtain passage of actions of interest to each legislative member . 
Louvre ::   the louvre ( ) or the louvre museum ( , ) is the world 's largest art museum and a historic monument in paris , france . 
Love ::   love is a variety of different emotional and mental states , typically strongly and positively experienced , that ranges from deepest interpersonal affection to simple pleasure . 
Laser ::   a laser is a device that emits light through a process of optical amplification based on the stimulated emission of electromagnetic radiation . 
Lithium ::   lithium ( from , " stone " ) is a chemical element with symbol li and atomic number   3 . 
Latitude ::   in geography , latitude is a geographic coordinate that specifies the north – south position of a point on the earth 's surface . 
Longitude ::   longitude ( or , australian and british also ) , is a geographic coordinate that specifies the east - west position of a point on the earth 's surface . 
Libya ::   libya ( " ") is a country in the maghreb region of north africa , bordered by the mediterranean sea to the north , egypt to the east , sudan to the southeast , chad and niger to the south and algeria and tunisia to the west . 
Lowball ::   lowball was an early type of railway signal which indicated danger or a need to stop . 
Lavandula ::   lavandula ( common name lavender ) is a genus of 47 known species of flowering plants in the mint family , lamiaceae . 
Liliales ::   liliales ( older name : lilia ) is an order of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the angiosperm phylogeny group and angiosperm phylogeny web system , within the lilioid monocots . 
Laurales ::   the laurales are an order of flowering plants . they are magnoliids , related to the magnoliales . 
Lamiales ::   the lamiales are an order in the asterid group of dicotyledonous flowering plants . 
Lithuania ::   lithuania ( , ) , officially the republic of lithuania ( ) , is a country in the baltic region of northern - eastern europe . 
Equivocation ::   in logic , equivocation ( ' calling two different things by the same name ' ) is an informal fallacy resulting from the use of a particular word / expression in multiple senses throughout an argument leading to a false conclusion . 
Roxen ::   roxen is a medium - sized lake in south central sweden , east of lake vättern , part of the waterpath motala ström and the göta canal . 
Locomotive ::   a locomotive or engine is a rail transport vehicle that provides the motive power for a train . 
Lysator ::   lysator is an academic computer club at linköping university , sweden with almost 600 members . 
Lighthouse ::   a lighthouse is a tower , building , or other type of structure designed to emit light from a system of lamps and lenses , and to serve as a navigational aid for maritime pilots at sea or on inland waterways . 
Library ::   a library is a collection of sources of information and similar resources , made accessible to a defined community for reference or borrowing . 
Latin ::   latin ( latin : , ) is a classical language belonging to the italic branch of the indo - european languages . 
LiveScript ::   livescript is a functional language that compiles to javascript . 
Lanthanum ::   lanthanum is a chemical element with symbol la and atomic number 57 . 
Lutetium ::   lutetium is a chemical element with symbol lu and atomic number 71 . 
Lawrencium ::   lawrencium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol lr ( formerly lw ) and atomic number 103 . 
Lead ::   lead is a chemical element that is assigned the symbol pb ( from the latin " plumbum " ) and the atomic number 82 . 
Limestone ::   limestone is a sedimentary rock , composed mainly of skeletal fragments of marine organisms such as coral , forams and molluscs . 
Lübeck ::   lübeck ( ) is a city in schleswig - holstein , northern germany , and one of the major ports of germany . 
Laos ::   laos ( , , or ; , , " lāo " ) , officially the lao people 's democratic republic ( lao : ສາທາລະນະລັດ ປະຊາທິປະໄຕ ປະຊາຊົນລາວ , " sathalanalat paxathipatai paxaxon lao " ) , commonly referred to by its colloquial name of muang lao ( lao : ເມືອງລາວ , " muang lao " ) , is a landlocked country in the heart of the indochinese peninsula of mainland southeast asia , bordered by myanmar ( burma ) and china to the northwest , vietnam to the east , cambodia to the southwest and thailand to the west and southwest . 
Lebanon ::   lebanon (; ; ; ) , officially known as the lebanese republic ( ; ; ) , is a sovereign state in western asia . 
Lesotho ::   lesotho (; ) , officially the kingdom of lesotho ( ) , is an enclaved , landlocked country in southern africa completely surrounded by south africa . 
Liberia ::   liberia , officially the republic of liberia , is a country on the west african coast . 
Liechtenstein ::   liechtenstein (; ; ) , officially the principality of liechtenstein ( ) , is a doubly landlocked german - speaking microstate in central europe . 
Lesbian ::   a lesbian is a female homosexual : a female who experiences romantic love or sexual attraction to other females . 
Lambda ::   lambda , λ , λ ( uppercase ' , lowercase ' ; " lám(b)da " ) is the 11th letter of the greek alphabet . 
Lamiaceae ::   lamiaceae ( or ) or labiatae is a family of flowering plants commonly known as the mint or deadnettle family . 
Logarithm ::   in mathematics , the logarithm is the inverse operation to exponentiation , just as division is the inverse of multiplication and vice versa . 
Luddite ::   the luddites were a group of english textile workers and weavers in the 19th century who destroyed weaving machinery as a form of protest . 
Anarcho-communism ::   anarcho - communism ( also known as anarchist communism , free communism , libertarian communism and communist anarchism ) is a theory of anarchism which advocates the abolition of the state , capitalism , wage labour and private property ( though some strains retain respect for personal property ) and in favor of common ownership of the means of production , direct democracy and a horizontal network of workers ' councils with production and consumption based on the guiding principle : " from each according to his ability , to each according to his need " . 
London ::   london is the capital and most populous city of england and the united kingdom . 
Lincoln ::   lincoln most commonly refers to : lincoln may also refer to : 
Ligament ::   in anatomy , a ligament is the fibrous connective tissue that connects bones to other bones and is also known as " articular ligament " , " articular larua " , " fibrous ligament " , or " true ligament " . 
Luftwaffe ::   the luftwaffe ( ) was the aerial warfare branch of the combined german wehrmacht military forces during world war ii . 
Lomography ::   lomography is a commercial trademark of lomographische ag , which their creators associate to a photographic image style and an analog camera movement and community facilitated by the lomographic society international . 
Loglan ::   loglan is a constructed language originally designed for linguistic research , particularly for investigating the sapir – whorf hypothesis . 
Leucippus ::   leucippus (; , " leúkippos " ; fl . 
Light ::   light is electromagnetic radiation within a certain portion of the electromagnetic spectrum . 
Lipid ::   in biology , a lipid is a substance of biological origin that is soluble in nonpolar solvents . 
Fibonacci ::   fibonacci ( c. 1175 – c. 1250 ) was an italian mathematician from the republic of pisa , considered to be " the most talented western mathematician of the middle ages " . 
Leipzig ::   leipzig (; ) is the most populous city in the federal state of saxony , germany . 
LimeWire ::   limewire was a free peer - to - peer file sharing ( p2p ) client program that ran on windows , mac os x , linux , and other operating systems supported by the java software platform . 
Latveria ::   latveria is a fictional nation appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
Louchébem ::   louchébem or loucherbem ( ) is parisian and lyonnaise butchers ' ( french " boucher " ) slang , similar to pig latin and verlan . 
Limbo ::   in catholic theology , limbo ( latin " limbus " , edge or boundary , referring to the " edge " of hell ) is a speculative idea about the afterlife condition of those who die in original sin without being assigned to the hell of the damned . 
Lethe ::   in greek mythology , lethe ( greek : , " lḗthē " ; , ) was one of the five rivers of the underworld of hades . 
LucasArts ::   lucasarts entertainment company , llc is an american video game publisher and licensor . 
Lombards ::   the lombards or longobards ( , italian " longobardi " ) were a germanic people who ruled most of the italian peninsula from 568 to 774 . 
Loki ::   in norse mythology , loki ( anglicized ( ) ) , loptr , or hveðrungr is a god . 
Longship ::   longships were a type of ship invented and used by the norsemen ( commonly known as the vikings ) for trade , commerce , exploration , and warfare during the viking age . 
Lydia ::   lydia ( assyrian : " luddu " ; , ) was an iron age kingdom of western asia minor located generally east of ancient ionia in the modern western turkish provinces of uşak , manisa and inland izmir . 
Livy ::   titus livius (; 64 or 59 bcad 12 or 17 ) – often rendered as livy in english language sources – was a roman historian . 
Bodyline ::   bodyline , also known as fast leg theory bowling , was a cricketing tactic devised by the english cricket team for their 1932–33 ashes tour of australia , specifically to combat the extraordinary batting skill of australia 's don bradman . 
Leather ::   leather is a durable and flexible material created by tanning animal rawhide and skin , often cattle hide . 
Lubricant ::   a lubricant is a substance , usually organic , introduced to reduce friction between surfaces in mutual contact , which ultimately reduces the heat generated when the surfaces move . 
Llama ::   the llama (; ) ( lama glama ) is a domesticated south american camelid , widely used as a meat and pack animal by andean cultures since the pre - columbian era . 
Lexicon ::   a lexicon , word - hoard , or word - stock is the vocabulary of a person , language , or branch of knowledge ( such as nautical or medical ) . 
Lacrosse ::   lacrosse is a team sport played between two teams using a lacrosse stick and a lacrosse ball . 
Liverpool ::   liverpool ( ) is a city in north west england , with an estimated population of 478,580 in 2015 within the city of liverpool borough . 
Lonsdaleite ::   lonsdaleite ( named in honour of kathleen lonsdale ) , also called hexagonal diamond in reference to the crystal structure , is an allotrope of carbon with a hexagonal lattice . 
Lisbon ::   lisbon (; , ) is the capital and the largest city of portugal , with a population of 552,700 within its administrative limits in an area of 100.05   km . 
Litre ::   the litre ( si spelling ) or liter ( american spelling ) ( si symbols l or l , commonly , but incorrectly , abbreviated as ltr ) is an si accepted metric system unit of volume equal to 1 cubic decimetre ( dm ) , 1,000 cubic centimetres ( cm ) or 1/1,000 cubic metre . 
Lyra ::   lyra (; latin for lyre , from greek " λύρα " ) is a small constellation . 
Legnica ::   legnica ( archaic polish : " lignica " , , , ) is a city in southwestern poland , in the central part of lower silesia , on the kaczawa river ( left tributary of the oder ) and the czarna woda . 
Lysosome ::   a lysosome is a membrane - bound organelle found in nearly all animal cells . 
Louisiana ::   louisiana ( french : " louisiane ,   " ] ) is a state in the southeastern region of the united states . 
Levant ::   the levant (; arabic : المشرق ) is an approximate historical geographical term referring to a large area in the eastern mediterranean . 
Lemuridae ::   lemuridae is a family of strepsirrhine primates native to madagascar , and the comoros islands . 
Lucent ::   lucent technologies , inc. , was an american multinational telecommunications equipment company headquartered in murray hill , new jersey , in the united states . 
Lupercalia ::   lupercalia was a very ancient , possibly pre - roman pastoral annual festival , observed in the city of rome , each year , on february 15 , to avert evil spirits and purify the city , releasing health and fertility . 
Loa ::   loa ( also spelled " lwa " ) are the spirits of haitian vodou and louisiana voodoo . 
Lammas ::   lammas day ( anglo - saxon " hlaf - mas " , " loaf - mass " ) , is a holiday celebrated in some english - speaking countries in the northern hemisphere , usually between 1 august and 1 september . 
Lizard ::   lizards are a widespread group of squamate reptiles , with over 6,000 species , ranging across all continents except antarctica , as well as most oceanic island chains . 
LaTeX ::   latex ( , , also pronounced as , , a shortening of lamport tex ) is a document preparation system . 
LambdaMOO ::   lambdamoo is an online community of the variety called a moo . 
Labyrinth ::   in greek mythology , the labyrinth ( greek : λαβύρινθος " labyrinthos " ) was an elaborate structure designed and built by the legendary artificer daedalus for king minos of crete at knossos . 
Lamborghini ::   automobili lamborghini s.p . a. ( ) is an italian brand and manufacturer of luxury supercars , sports cars and suvs based in sant'agata bolognese , italy . 
Luxembourgish ::   luxembourgish , luxemburgish ( ) or letzeburgesch ( or ) ( luxembourgish : " lëtzebuergesch " ) is a west germanic language that is spoken mainly in luxembourg . 
Lugh ::   lugh or lug (; modern irish : " lú " ) is an important god of irish mythology . 
Lanthanide ::   the lanthanide or lanthanoid series of chemical elements comprises the fifteen metallic chemical elements with atomic numbers 57 through 71 , from lanthanum through lutetium . 
Lucifer :: 
LDP ::   ldp may mean : 
Lexus ::   lexus originated from a corporate project to develop a new premium sedan , code - named f1 , which began in 1983 and culminated in the launch of the lexus ls in 1989 . 
Ligase ::   in biochemistry , a ligase is an enzyme that can catalyze the joining of two large molecules by forming a new chemical bond , usually with accompanying hydrolysis of a small pendant chemical group on one of the larger molecules or the enzyme catalyzing the linking together of two compounds , e.g. , enzymes that catalyze joining of c - o , c - s , c - n , etc . 
Lamorna ::   lamorna ( ) is a village , valley and cove in west cornwall , england , uk . 
AvtoVAZ ::   avtovaz ( ) is the russian automobile manufacturer formerly known as vaz : volzhsky avtomobilny zavod ( ваз , во́лжский автомоби́льный заво́д , or volga automobile plant ) , but better known to the world under the trade name lada . 
Lundy ::   lundy is the largest island in the bristol channel . 
Lombok ::   lombok is an island in west nusa tenggara province , indonesia . 
Lego ::   lego (; stylized as lego ) is a line of plastic construction toys that are manufactured by the lego group , a privately held company based in billund , denmark . 
Luminance ::   luminance is a photometric measure of the luminous intensity per unit area of light travelling in a given direction . 
Lycos ::   lycos , inc. , is a web search engine and web portal established in 1994 , spun out of carnegie mellon university . 
Loran-C ::   loran - c was a " hyperbolic " radio navigation system which allowed a receiver to determine its position by listening to low frequency radio signals transmitted by fixed land - based radio beacons . 
Lunatic ::   lunatic is an informal term referring to a person who is considered as mentally ill , dangerous , foolish or unpredictable , conditions once attributed to lunacy . 
Leonids ::   the leonids ( ) are a prolific meteor shower associated with the comet tempel – tuttle . 
Labarum ::   the labarum ( ) was a " vexillum " ( military standard ) that displayed the " chi - rho " symbol ☧ , a christogram formed from the first two greek letters of the word " christ " ( , or χριστός ) — " chi " ( χ ) and " rho " ( ρ ) . 
Lactantius ::   lucius caecilius firmianus lactantius ( c. 250 – c. 325 ) was an early christian author who became an advisor to the first christian roman emperor , constantine i , guiding his religious policy as it developed , and a tutor to his son . 
Laconia ::   laconia ( ) , also known as lacedaemonia , is a region in the southeastern part of the peloponnese peninsula . 
Laocoön ::   laocoön (; , ) , the son of acoetes , is a figure in greek and roman mythology and the epic cycle . 
Life ::   life is a characteristic that distinguishes physical entities that do have biological processes , such as signaling and self - sustaining processes , from those that do not , either because such functions have ceased , or because they never had such functions and are classified as inanimate . 
Loonie ::   the canadian one dollar coin , commonly called the loonie ( ) , is a gold - coloured one - dollar coin introduced in 1987 . 
Luanda ::   luanda , formerly named são paulo da assunção de loanda , is the capital and largest city in angola , and the country 's most populous and important city , primary port and major industrial , cultural and urban centre . 
LAME ::   lame is a software encoder that converts audio to the mp3 file format . 
Lithography ::   lithography ( ) is a method of printing originally based on the immiscibility of oil and water . 
Loch ::   loch ( ) is the irish , scottish gaelic and scots word for a lake or for a sea inlet . 
Livonia ::   livonia ( , , , german and scandinavian languages : " " , latvian and , , archaic english " livland " , " liwlandia " ; ) , a historic region on the eastern shores of the baltic sea , was once the land of the finnic livonians inhabiting the principal ancient livonian county metsepole with its centre at turaida ( in present - day latvia ) . 
Lindisfarne ::   the holy island of lindisfarne , also known simply as holy island , is a tidal island off the northeast coast of england , which constitutes the civil parish of holy island in northumberland . 
Literacy ::   literacy is traditionally meant as the ability to read , write , and use arithmetic . 
Lulach ::   lulach mac gille coemgáin ( modern gaelic : " lughlagh mac gille chomghain " , known in english simply as lulach , and nicknamed tairbith , " the unfortunate " and fatuus , " the simple - minded " or " the foolish " ; before 1033 – 17 march 1058 ) was king of scots between 15 august 1057 and 17 march 1058 . 
Lexicography ::   lexicography is divided into two separate but equally important groups : there is some disagreement on the definition of lexicology , as distinct from lexicography . 
Libido ::   libido ( ) , colloquially known as sex drive , is a person 's overall sexual drive or desire for sexual activity . 
Larissa ::   larissa ( ) is the capital and largest city of the thessaly region , the fifth most populous in greece and capital of the larissa regional unit . 
Lexeme ::   a lexeme ( ) is a unit of lexical meaning that exists regardless of the number of inflectional endings it may have or the number of words it may contain . 
Lightworks ::   lightworks is a professional non - linear editing system ( nle ) for editing and mastering digital video in various formats , including 2 k and 4 k resolutions , and television in pal , ntsc , and high - definition formats . 
Lucretia ::   lucretia ( ) or lucrece (; died ) was an ancient roman woman whose fate played a vital role in the transition of roman government from the roman kingdom to the roman republic . 
Latino ::   latino ( or ) is a term often used in the united states to refer to people with cultural ties to latin america , in contrast to " hispanic " which is a demonym that includes spaniards and other speakers of the spanish language . 
Lexicology ::   lexicology is the part of linguistics which studies words . 
Leukemia ::   leukemia , also spelled leukaemia , is a group of cancers that usually begin in the bone marrow and result in high numbers of abnormal white blood cells . 
Length ::   in geometric measurements , length is the most extended dimension of an object . 
Leet ::   leet ( or " 1337 " ) , also known as eleet or leetspeak , is an alternative alphabet for many languages that is used primarily on the internet . 
Leto ::   in greek mythology , leto (; " lētṓ " ; λατώ , " lātṓ " in dorian greek , etymology and meaning disputed ) is a daughter of the titans coeus and phoebe , the sister of asteria , and the mother , by zeus , of apollo and artemis . 
Lusitania ::   lusitania ( , , ) or hispania lusitana was an ancient iberian roman province including approximately all of modern portugal south of the douro river and part of modern spain ( the present autonomous community of extremadura and a small part of the province of salamanca ) . 
Limited-stop ::   in public transit , a limited - stop bus , tram , or train service is a service that stops less frequently than local service . 
Ligand :: 
Lascaux ::   lascaux ( , " lascaux cave " ; , ) is the setting of a complex of caves near the village of montignac , in the department of dordogne in southwestern france . 
Lute ::   a lute ( , or ) is any plucked string instrument with a neck ( either fretted or unfretted ) and a deep round back enclosing a hollow cavity , usually with a sound hole or opening in the body . 
Lollardy ::   lollardy ( lollardry , lollardism ) was a pre - protestant religious movement that existed from the mid-14th century to the english reformation . 
Lausanne ::   lausanne ( , , , and also " lausannen " , ) is a city in the french - speaking part of switzerland , and the capital and biggest city of the canton of vaud . 
Liqueur ::   a liqueur ( or ) is an alcoholic beverage made from a distilled spirit that has been flavored with fruit , cream , herbs , spices , flowers or nuts and bottled with added sugar or other sweetener ( such as high - fructose corn syrup ) . 
Lilith ::   lilith (; " lîlîṯ " ) is a figure in jewish mythology , developed earliest in the babylonian talmud ( 3rd to 5th centuries ) . 
Lemmy ::   ian fraser kilmister ( 24 december 1945 – 28 december 2015 ) , better known as lemmy , was a british musician and singer - songwriter who founded and fronted the rock band motörhead . 
Lactose ::   lactose is a disaccharide sugar composed of galactose and glucose that is found in milk . 
Lactase ::   lactase is an enzyme produced by many organisms . 
Listerine ::   listerine is a brand of antiseptic mouthwash product . 
Leninism ::   leninism is the political theory for the organisation of a revolutionary vanguard party and the achievement of a dictatorship of the proletariat , as political prelude to the establishment of socialism . 
Lupercal ::   the lupercal ( from " lupa " , latin for she - wolf ) is a cave at the foot of the south side of palatine hill in rome , between the temple of apollo palatinus and the basilica di sant'anastasia al palatino . 
Lazio ::   lazio ( , ; ; ) is one of the 20 administrative regions of italy . 
Lymphedema ::   lymphedema , also known as lymphoedema and lymphatic edema , is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system , which normally returns interstitial fluid to the thoracic duct , then the bloodstream . 
Lleida ::   lleida ( , ; ) is a city in the west of catalonia , spain . 
Lycopene ::   lycopene from the neo - latin " lycopersicum " , the tomato species , is a bright red carotene and carotenoid pigment and phytochemical found in tomatoes and other red fruits and vegetables , such as red carrots , watermelons , gac , and papayas , although not in strawberries or cherries . 
Landau ::   landau , or landau in der pfalz , is an autonomous ( " kreisfrei " ) town surrounded by the südliche weinstraße ( " southern wine route " ) district of southern rhineland - palatinate , germany . 
Laika ::   laika (; c. 1954 – november 3 , 1957 ) was a soviet space dog who became one of the first animals in space , and the first animal to orbit the earth . 
Metallica ::   metallica is an american heavy metal band from los angeles , california . 
Mural ::   a mural is any piece of artwork painted or applied directly on a wall , ceiling or other permanent surface . 
Microeconomics ::   microeconomics ( from greek prefix " mikro- " meaning " small " ) is a branch of economics that studies the behavior of individuals and firms in making decisions regarding the allocation of scarce resources and the interactions among these individuals and firms . 
Macroeconomics ::   macroeconomics ( from the greek prefix " makro- " meaning " large " and economics ) is a branch of economics dealing with the performance , structure , behavior , and decision - making of an economy as a whole . 
MD5 ::   the md5 algorithm is a widely used hash function producing a 128-bit hash value . 
Mathematics ::   mathematics ( from greek μάθημα " máthēma " , " knowledge , study , learning " ; often shortened to maths or math ) is the study of topics such as quantity ( numbers ) , structure , space , and change . 
Median ::   the median is the value separating the higher half of a data sample , a population , or a probability distribution , from the lower half . 
Mammal ::   mammals are any vertebrates within the class mammalia ( from latin " mamma " " breast " ) , a clade of endothermic amniotes distinguished from reptiles ( including birds ) by the possession of a neocortex ( a region of the brain ) , hair , three middle ear bones , and mammary glands . 
Music ::   music is an art form and cultural activity whose medium is sound organized in time . 
Mouse ::   a mouse ( plural : mice ) is a small rodent characteristically having a pointed snout , small rounded ears , a body - length scaly tail and a high breeding rate . 
Multics ::   multics ( multiplexed information and computing service ) is an influential early time - sharing operating system , based around the concept of a single - level memory . 
Morpheme ::   a morpheme is the smallest grammatical unit in a language . 
MTV ::   mtv ( originally an initialism of music television ) is an american cable and satellite television channel owned by viacom media networks ( a division of viacom ) and headquartered in new york city . 
Mustelidae ::   the mustelidae ( from latin " mustela " , weasel ) are a family of carnivorous mammals , including weasels , badgers , otters , martens , mink , and wolverines , among others . 
Maryland ::   maryland ( ) is a state in the mid - atlantic region of the united states , bordering virginia , west virginia , and washington , d.c. to its south and west ; pennsylvania to its north ; and delaware to its east . 
Michigan ::   michigan ( ) is a state in the great lakes and midwestern regions of the united states . 
Macbeth ::   macbeth (; full title the tragedy of macbeth ) is a tragedy by william shakespeare ; it is thought to have been first performed in 1606 . 
Monopoly ::   a monopoly ( from greek μόνος " mónos " [ " alone " or " single " ] and πωλεῖν " pōleîn " [ " to sell " ] ) exists when a specific person or enterprise is the only supplier of a particular commodity . 
Metaphilosophy ::   metaphilosophy ( sometimes called philosophy of philosophy ) is " the investigation of the nature of philosophy " . 
Mandolin ::   a mandolin ( ; literally " small mandola " ) is a stringed musical instrument in the lute family and is usually plucked with a plectrum or " pick " . 
Microphotonics ::   microphotonics is a branch of technology that deals with directing light on a microscopic scale . 
Metaphysics ::   metaphysics is a branch of philosophy exploring the fundamental questions , including the nature of concepts like being , existence and reality . 
Mendelevium ::   mendelevium is a synthetic element with chemical symbol md ( formerly mv ) and atomic number 101 . 
Mathematician ::   a mathematician is someone who uses an extensive knowledge of mathematics in his or her work , typically to solve mathematical problems . 
Microfluidics ::   microfluidics deals with the behaviour , precise control and manipulation of fluids that are geometrically constrained to a small , typically sub - millimeter , scale . 
Magnesium ::   magnesium is a chemical element with symbol   mg and atomic number   12 . 
Meta-ethics ::   meta - ethics is the branch of ethics that seeks to understand the nature of ethical properties , statements , attitudes , and judgments . 
Mormons ::   mormons ( ) are a religious and cultural group related to mormonism , the principal branch of the latter day saint movement of restorationist christianity , initiated by joseph smith in upstate new york during the 1820s . 
Manitoba ::   manitoba ( ) is a province at the longitudinal centre of canada . 
Muhammad ::   muhammad (; ; c.   570 ce – 8 june 632 ce ) is the prophet and founder of islam . 
Mapping ::   mapping is the creation of maps , a graphic symbolic representation of the significant features of a part of the surface of the earth . 
Meat ::   meat is animal flesh that is eaten as food . 
Metre ::   the metre ( british spelling ) or meter ( american spelling ) ( from the greek noun μέτρον , " measure " ) is the base unit of length in the international system of units ( si ) . 
Mentha ::   mentha ( also known as mint , from greek " míntha " , linear b " mi - ta " ) is a genus of plants in the family lamiaceae ( mint family ) . 
Marjoram ::   marjoram ( " origanum majorana " , syn . " majorana hortensis " moench , " majorana majorana " ( l. ) h. karst ) is a somewhat cold - sensitive perennial herb or undershrub with sweet pine and citrus flavors . 
Medicine ::   medicine is the science and practice of the diagnosis , treatment , and prevention of disease . 
Madagascar ::   madagascar (; ) , officially the republic of madagascar ( ; ) , and previously known as the malagasy republic , is an island country in the indian ocean , off the coast of east africa . 
Malvales ::   the malvales are an order of flowering plants . 
Myrtales ::   the myrtales are an order of flowering plants placed as a sister to the eurosids ii clade as of the publishing of the " eucalyptus grandis " genome in june 2014 . 
Malpighiales ::   the malpighiales comprise one of the largest orders of flowering plants , containing about species , about 7.8% of the eudicots . 
Meiosis ::   meiosis is a specialized type of cell division that reduces the chromosome number by half , creating four haploid cells , each genetically distinct from the parent cell that gave rise to them . 
MINIX ::   minix ( from " mini - unix " ) is a posix - compliant ( since version 2.0 ) , unix - like computer operating system based on a microkernel architecture . 
Mongols ::   the mongols ( , " mongolchuud " , ) are an east - central asian ethnic group native to mongolia and china 's inner mongolia autonomous region . 
Manga ::   the term " manga " ( kanji : ; hiragana : ; katakana : ; ; or ) in japan is a word used to refer to both comics and cartooning . 
Merlot ::   merlot is a dark blue - colored wine grape variety , that is used as both a blending grape and for varietal wines . 
Microsoft ::   microsoft corporation ( , abbreviated as ms ) is an american multinational technology company with headquarters in redmond , washington . 
Microserfs ::   microserfs , published by harpercollins in 1995 , is an epistolary novel by douglas coupland . 
Moscow ::   moscow ( or ; ) is the capital and most populous city of russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.1 million within the urban area . 
Mercury ::   mercury usually refers to : mercury may also refer to : 
Miocene ::   the miocene ( ) is the first geological epoch of the neogene period and extends from about ( ma ) . 
Monarch ::   a monarch is a sovereign head of state in a monarchy . 
Monarchy ::   a monarchy is a form of government in which a group , generally a family representing a dynasty , embodies the country 's national identity and its head , the monarch , exercises the role of sovereignty . 
Morphology ::   morphology , from the greek and meaning " study of shape " , may mean : 
Malmö ::   malmö (; ; ) is the capital and largest city of the swedish county of scania . 
Measurement ::   " " measurement is the assignment of a number to a characteristic of an object or event , which can be compared with other objects or events . 
Municipality ::   a municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self - government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws to which it is subordinate . 
Metal ::   a metal ( from greek μέταλλον " métallon " , " mine , quarry , metal " ) is a material ( an element , compound , or alloy ) that is typically hard , opaque , shiny , and has good electrical and thermal conductivity . 
MIME ::   multipurpose internet mail extensions ( mime ) is an internet standard that extends the format of email to support : virtually all human - written internet email and a fairly large proportion of automated email is transmitted via smtp in mime format . 
Mass ::   mass is both a property of a physical body and a measure of its resistance to acceleration ( a change in its state of motion ) when a net force is applied . 
Manganese ::   manganese is a chemical element with symbol mn and atomic number 25 . 
Molybdenum ::   molybdenum is a chemical element with symbol mo and atomic number 42 . 
Mineral ::   a mineral is a naturally occurring chemical compound , usually of crystalline form and abiogenic in origin ( not produced by life processes ) . 
Marble ::   marble is a metamorphic rock composed of recrystallized carbonate minerals , most commonly calcite or dolomite . 
Munich ::   munich (; , , , ) is the capital and the most populated city in the german state of bavaria , on the banks of river isar north of the bavarian alps . 
Mälaren ::   mälaren ( ) , historically referred to as lake malar in english , is the third - largest freshwater lake in sweden ( after vänern and vättern ) . 
Macau ::   macau ( ) , also spelled macao and officially the macao special administrative region of the people 's republic of china , is an autonomous region on the western side of the pearl river estuary in east asia . 
Malawi ::   malawi ( , or ; or [ maláwi ] ) , officially the republic of malawi , is a landlocked country in southeast africa that was formerly known as nyasaland . 
Maldives ::   the maldives ( , , or ) , officially the republic of maldives ( , " ") , is a south asian island country , located in the indian ocean , situated in the arabian sea . 
Mali ::   mali (; ) , officially the republic of mali ( ) , is a landlocked country in west africa , a region geologically identified with the west african craton . 
Malta ::   malta (; ) , officially known as the republic of malta ( ) , is a southern european island country consisting of an archipelago in the mediterranean sea . 
Mile ::   the mile is an english unit of length of linear measure equal to 5,280 feet , or 1,760 yards , and standardised as exactly 1,609.344   metres by international agreement in 1959 . 
Manuscript ::   a manuscript ( abbreviated ms for singular and mss for plural ) is any document written by hand or typewritten , as opposed to being mechanically printed or reproduced in some indirect or automated way . 
Misogyny ::   misogyny ( ) is the hatred of , contempt for , or prejudice against women or girls . 
Martinique ::   martinique ( ) is an insular region of france located in the lesser antilles in the eastern caribbean sea , with a land area of and a population of 385,551 inhabitants as of january 2013 . 
Mumbai ::   mumbai (; also known as bombay , the official name until 1995 ) is the capital city of the indian state of maharashtra . 
M ::   m ( named " em " ) is the thirteenth letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Mean ::   in mathematics , mean has several different definitions depending on the context . 
Mu-metal ::   mu - metal is a nickel – iron soft magnetic alloy with very high permeability , which is used for shielding sensitive electronic equipment against static or low - frequency magnetic fields . 
Mauritius ::   mauritius ( or ; ) , officially the republic of mauritius ( ) , is an island nation in the indian ocean about off the southeast coast of the african continent . 
Mayotte ::   mayotte ( , ; shimaore : " maore " , ; ) is an insular department and region of france officially named the department of mayotte ( french : " département de mayotte " ) . 
Micronesia ::   micronesia ( from " mikrós " " small " and " nêsos " " island " ) is a subregion of oceania , comprising thousands of small islands in the western pacific ocean . 
Moldova ::   moldova ( or sometimes ) , officially the republic of moldova ( , ) , is a landlocked country in eastern europe , bordered by romania to the west and ukraine to the north , east , and south ( by way of the disputed territory of transnistria ) . 
Monaco ::   monaco (; ) , officially the principality of monaco ( ) , is a sovereign city - state , country and microstate located on the french riviera in western europe . 
Mongolia ::   mongolia ( mongolian : in mongolian cyrillic ; in mongolian script ; in mongolian latin script ; literally : mongol state ) is a landlocked unitary sovereign state in east asia . 
Montserrat ::   montserrat ( ) is a caribbean island — specifically in the leeward islands , which is part of the chain known as the lesser antilles , in the british west indies . 
Morocco ::   morocco (; ; ; ) , officially known as the kingdom of morocco ( , lit . " 
Mozambique ::   mozambique ( or ) , officially the republic of mozambique ( or " " , ) is a country in southeast africa bordered by the indian ocean to the east , tanzania to the north , malawi and zambia to the northwest , zimbabwe to the west , and swaziland and south africa to the southwest . 
Meme ::   a meme ( ) is an idea , behavior , or style that spreads from person to person within a culture — often with the aim of conveying a particular phenomenon , theme , or meaning represented by the meme . 
Maugham ::   maugham is a surname most commonly associated with the english literary family . 
Myelin ::   myelin is a fatty white substance that surrounds the axon of some nerve cells , forming an electrically insulating layer . 
Mesozoic :: 
Moğollar ::   moğollar ( " mongols " in turkish ) is one of the pioneer bands in turkish rock music for about 40 years and one of the founders of turkish folk rock ( or anatolian rock ) . 
Monism ::   monism is the view that attributes oneness or singleness ( greek : μόνος ) to a concept ( e.g. , existence ) . 
Moon ::   the moon is an astronomical body that orbits planet earth , being earth 's only permanent natural satellite . 
Magnoliales ::   the magnoliales comprise an order of flowering plants . 
March ::   march is the third month of the year in both the julian and gregorian calendars . 
May ::   may is the fifth month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars and the third month to have the length of 31 days . 
Moby ::   richard melville hall ( born september 11 , 1965 ) , better known by his stage name moby , is an american dj , record producer , singer , songwriter , musician , photographer and animal rights activist . 
Mazda ::   , commonly referred to as simply mazda , is a japanese multinational automaker based in fuchū , aki district , hiroshima prefecture , japan . 
Minute ::   the minute is a unit of time or of angle . 
Materialism ::   materialism is a form of philosophical monism which holds that matter is the fundamental substance in nature , and that all things , including mental aspects and consciousness , are results of material interactions . 
Microelectronics ::   microelectronics is a subfield of electronics . 
Mind ::   the mind is a set of cognitive faculties including consciousness , perception , thinking , judgement , and memory . 
Midwifery ::   midwifery is the health science and health profession that deals with pregnancy , childbirth , and the postpartum period ( including care of the newborn ) , besides sexual and reproductive health of women throughout their lives . 
Maimonides ::   rabbi moses ben maimon ( " mōšeh bēn - maymōn " ; " mūsā bin maymūn " ) , commonly known as maimonides (; " maïmōnídēs " ; ) , and also referred to by the acronym rambam ( , for " rabbeinu mōšeh bēn maimon " , " our rabbi moses son of maimon " ) , was a medieval sephardic jewish philosopher who became one of the most prolific and influential torah scholars of the middle ages . 
Myanmar ::   myanmar ( ) , officially the republic of the union of myanmar and also known as burma , is a sovereign state in southeast asia . 
Mahjong ::   mahjong ( , ) is a tile - based game that originated in china during the qing dynasty . 
Mokele-mbembe ::   mokèlé - mbèmbé ( meaning " one who stops the flow of rivers " in the lingala language ) is a legendary water - dwelling creature of congo river basin folklore , sometimes described as a living creature , sometimes as a spirit , and loosely analogous to the loch ness monster in western culture . 
Intuitionism ::   in the philosophy of mathematics , intuitionism , or neointuitionism ( opposed to preintuitionism ) , is an approach where mathematics is considered to be purely the result of the constructive mental activity of humans rather than the discovery of fundamental principles claimed to exist in an objective reality . 
Mishnah ::   the mishnah or mishna (; , " study by repetition " , from the verb " shanah " , or " to study and review " , also " secondary " ) is the first major written redaction of the jewish oral traditions known as the " oral torah " . 
Monotheism ::   monotheism has been defined as the belief in the existence of only one god that created the world , is all - powerful and intervenes in the world . 
MUD ::   a mud (; originally multi - user dungeon , with later variants multi - user dimension and multi - user domain ) , is a multiplayer real - time virtual world , usually text - based . 
Muslim ::   a muslim is someone who follows or practices islam , a monotheistic abrahamic religion . 
MUSH ::   in multiplayer online games , a mush ( a backronymed pun on mud most often expanded as multi - user shared hallucination , though multi - user shared hack , habitat , and holodeck are also observed ) is a text - based online social medium to which multiple users are connected at the same time . 
Microevolution ::   microevolution is the change in allele frequencies that occurs over time within a population . 
MySQL ::   mysql ( officially pronounced as " my s - q - l " , ) is an open - source relational database management system ( rdbms ) . 
Modernism ::   modernism is a philosophical movement that , along with cultural trends and changes , arose from wide - scale and far - reaching transformations in western society during the late 19th and early 20th centuries . 
Masochism ::   masochism is the practice of seeking pain because it is pleasurable , named for leopold von sacher - masoch from lviv . 
Microprocessor ::   a microprocessor is a computer processor which incorporates the functions of a computer 's central processing unit ( cpu ) on a single integrated circuit ( ic ) , or at most a few integrated circuits . 
Molecule ::   a molecule is an electrically neutral group of two or more atoms held together by chemical bonds . 
Mechanics ::   mechanics ( greek ) is an area of science concerned with the behaviour of physical bodies when subjected to forces or displacements , and the subsequent effects of the bodies on their environment . 
Microscopy ::   microscopy is the technical field of using microscopes to view objects and areas of objects that can not be seen with the naked eye ( objects that are not within the resolution range of the normal eye ) . 
Microscope ::   a microscope ( from the , " mikrós " , " small " and , " skopeîn " , " to look " or " see " ) is an instrument used to see objects that are too small to be seen by the naked eye . 
Midrash ::   in judaism , the midrash (; ; pl . ' ) is the genre of rabbinic literature which contains early interpretations and commentaries on the written torah and oral torah ( spoken law and sermons ) , as well as non - legalistic rabbinic literature ( ' ) and occasionally the jewish religious laws ( ' ) , which usually form a running commentary on specific passages in the hebrew scripture ( ' ) . 
Missouri ::   missouri is a state in the midwestern united states . 
Moses ::   moses ( ) is a prophet in the abrahamic religions . 
Monomer ::   a monomer ( ) ( " mono- " , " one " + " -mer " , " part " ) is a molecule that , as a unit , binds chemically or supramolecularly to other molecules to form a supramolecular polymer . 
Mitochondrion ::   the mitochondrion ( plural mitochondria ) is a double membrane - bound organelle found in all eukaryotic organisms . 
Minimax ::   minimax ( sometimes minmax or mm ) is a decision rule used in decision theory , game theory , statistics and philosophy for " mini"mizing the possible loss for a worst case ( " max"imum loss ) scenario . 
Minnesota ::   minnesota (; locally ) is a state in the midwestern and northern regions of the united states . 
Missouria ::   the missouria or missouri ( in their own language , niúachi , also spelled niutachi ) are a native american tribe that originated in the great lakes region of united states before european contact . 
Missile ::   in modern language , a missile is a self - propelled precision - guided munition system , as opposed to an unguided self - propelled munition , referred to as a rocket ( although these too can also be guided ) . 
Machinima ::   machinima ( or ) is the use of real - time computer graphics engines to create a cinematic production . 
Mutagenesis ::   mutagenesis is a process by which the genetic information of an organism is changed , resulting in a mutation . 
Messiah ::   in abrahamic religions , the messiah ( , sometimes spelled moshiach ) , is the one chosen to lead the world and save it . 
Monasticism ::   monasticism ( from greek μοναχός , " monachos " , derived from μόνος , " monos " , " alone " ) or monkhood is a religious way of life in which one renounces worldly pursuits to devote oneself fully to spiritual work . 
Mahabharata ::   the mahābhārata ( , " " , ) is one of the two major sanskrit epics of ancient india , the other being the " rāmāyaṇa " . 
MVS ::   multiple virtual storage , more commonly called mvs , was the most commonly used operating system on the system/370 and system/390 ibm mainframe computers . 
Monoid :: 
MP3 ::   mpeg-1 or mpeg-2 audio layer iii , more commonly referred to as mp3 ( or mp3 ) , is an audio coding format for digital audio . 
Mythology ::   mythology or godlore refers variously to the collected myths of a group of people or to the study of such myths . 
Mutation ::   in biology , a mutation is the permanent alteration of the nucleotide sequence of the genome of an organism , virus , or extrachromosomal dna or other genetic elements . 
Microgyrus ::   a microgyrus is an area of the cerebral cortex that includes only four cortical layers instead of six . 
Mercantilism ::   mercantilism was a type of national economic policy designed to maximize the trade of a nation and especially to maximize the accumulation of gold and silver . 
Methanol ::   methanol , also known as methyl alcohol among others , is a chemical with the formula choh ( often abbreviated meoh ) . 
Milk ::   milk is a white liquid produced by the mammary glands of mammals . 
Magnetism ::   magnetism is a class of physical phenomena that are mediated by magnetic fields . 
Metallurgy ::   metallurgy is a domain of materials science and engineering that studies the physical and chemical behavior of metallic elements , their inter - metallic compounds , and their mixtures , which are called alloys . 
MUMPS ::   mumps ( " massachusetts general hospital utility multi - programming system " ) , or m , is a general - purpose computer programming language that provides acid ( atomic , consistent , isolated , and durable ) transaction processing . 
Marriage ::   marriage , also called matrimony or wedlock , is a socially or ritually recognised union between spouses that establishes rights and obligations between those spouses , as well as between them and any resulting biological or adopted children and affinity ( in - laws and other family through marriage ) . 
Midgard ::   midgard ( an anglicised form of old norse ; old english , swedish and danish " midgård " , old saxon , old high german , gothic " midjun - gards " ; literally " middle yard " ) is the name for earth ( in the sense of oikoumene ) inhabited by and known to humans in early germanic cosmology , and specifically one of the nine worlds in norse mythology . 
Muspelheim ::   in norse mythology , muspelheim ( ) , also called muspell ( ) , is a realm of fire . 
Manichaeism ::   manichaeism (; in modern persian " āyin - e māni " ; ) was a major religious movement that was founded by the iranian prophet mani ( in persian : مانی , syriac : ܡܐܢܝ , latin : manichaeus or manes ; 216–276 ce ) in the sasanian empire . 
Mariculture ::   mariculture is a specialized branch of aquaculture involving the cultivation of marine organisms for food and other products in the open ocean , an enclosed section of the ocean , or in tanks , ponds or raceways which are filled with seawater . 
Memetics ::   memetics is the study of information based on an analogy with darwinian evolution . 
Metastability ::   in physics , metastability is a stable state of a dynamical system other than the system 's state of least energy . 
Minerva ::   minerva (; ; etruscan : " menrva " ) was the roman goddess of wisdom and strategic warfare , and the sponsor of arts , trade , and strategy . 
Moncton ::   moncton (; ) is the largest city in the canadian province of new brunswick . 
Moby-Dick ::   moby - dick ; or , the whale is a novel by american writer herman melville , published in 1851 during the period of the american renaissance . 
Underground ::   underground most commonly refers to : underground may also refer to : 
Morona ::   the morona is a tributary to the amazon river , and flows parallel to the pastaza river and immediately to the west of it , and is the last stream of any importance on the northern side of the amazon before reaching the pongo de manseriche . 
Meson ::   in particle physics , mesons ( or ) are hadronic subatomic particles composed of one quark and one antiquark , bound together by the strong interaction . 
Motorcycle ::   a motorcycle often called a bike , motorbike , or cycle is a two- or three - wheeled motor vehicle . 
Map ::   a map is a symbolic depiction emphasizing relationships between elements of some space , such as objects , regions , or themes . 
Management ::   management ( or managing ) is the administration of an organization , whether it be a business , a not - for - profit organization , or government body . 
Mineralogy ::   mineralogy is a subject of geology specializing in the scientific study of chemistry , crystal structure , and physical ( including optical ) properties of minerals and mineralized artifacts . 
Mosque ::   a mosque (; from ) is a place of worship for followers of islam . 
Madeira ::   madeira ( , ; ) is a portuguese archipelago situated in the north atlantic ocean , southwest of portugal . 
Meteorology ::   meteorology is a branch of the atmospheric sciences which includes atmospheric chemistry and atmospheric physics , with a major focus on weather forecasting . 
Mount ::   mount is often used as part of the name of specific mountains , e.g. mount everest . 
Meitnerium ::   meitnerium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol mt and atomic number 109 . 
Megabyte ::   the megabyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
Monosaccharide ::   monosaccharides ( from greek " monos " : single , " sacchar " : sugar ) , also called simple sugars , are the most basic units of carbohydrates . 
Microscopium ::   microscopium is a minor constellation in the southern celestial hemisphere , one of twelve created in the 18th century by french astronomer nicolas louis de lacaille and one of several depicting scientific instruments . 
Mimeograph ::   the stencil duplicator or mimeograph machine ( often abbreviated to mimeo ) is a low - cost duplicating machine that works by forcing ink through a stencil onto paper . 
Meteorite ::   a meteorite is a solid piece of debris from an object , such as a comet , asteroid , or meteoroid , that originates in outer space and survives its passage through the earth 's atmosphere and impact with the earth 's surface or that of another planet . 
Mega- ::   mega is a unit prefix in metric systems of units denoting a factor of one million ( 10 or ) . 
Motherboard ::   a motherboard ( sometimes alternatively known as the mainboard , system board , baseboard , planar board or logic board , or colloquially , a mobo ) is the main printed circuit board ( pcb ) found in general purpose microcomputers and other expandable systems . 
Mannerism ::   mannerism is a style in european art that emerged in the later years of the italian high renaissance around 1520 , lasting until about 1580 in italy , when the baroque style began to replace it . 
Megatokyo ::   set in a fictional version of tokyo , " megatokyo " portrays the adventures of piro , a young fan of anime and manga , and his friend largo , an american video game enthusiast . 
Maser ::   a maser ( , an acronym for " microwave amplification by stimulated emission of radiation " ) is a device that produces coherent electromagnetic waves through amplification by stimulated emission . 
Morphogenesis ::   morphogenesis ( from the greek " morphê " shape and " genesis " creation , literally , " beginning of the shape " ) is the biological process that causes an organism to develop its shape . 
Maine ::   maine ( ) is the northernmost state in the new england region of the northeastern united states . 
Montana ::   montana is a state in the northwestern region of the united states . 
MIDI ::   midi (; short for musical instrument digital interface ) is a technical standard that describes a communications protocol , digital interface and electrical connectors and allows a wide variety of electronic musical instruments , computers and other related music and audio devices to connect and communicate with one another . 
Microcode ::   microcode is " a technique that imposes an interpreter between the hardware and the architectural level of a computer " . 
Myrinet ::   myrinet , ansi / vita 26 - 1998 , is a high - speed local area networking system designed by the company myricom to be used as an interconnect between multiple machines to form computer clusters . 
Microkernel ::   in computer science , a microkernel ( also known as μ-kernel ) is the near - minimum amount of software that can provide the mechanisms needed to implement an operating system ( os ) . 
Multihull ::   a multihull is a ship , vessel , craft or boat with more than one hull . multihull ships ( vessels , craft , boats ) include multiple types , sizes and applications . 
Mondegreen ::   a mondegreen is a mishearing or misinterpretation of a phrase as a result of near - homophony , in a way that gives it a new meaning . 
Mooney ::   mooney is a family name , which is probably predominantly derived from the irish ó maonaigh . 
MPEG-1 ::   mpeg-1 is a standard for lossy compression of video and audio . 
MPEG-2 ::   mpeg-2 ( a.k.a . h.222/h.262 
MPEG-3 ::   mpeg-3 is the designation for a group of audio and video coding standards agreed upon by the moving picture experts group ( mpeg ) designed to handle hdtv signals at 1080p in the range of 20 to 40 megabits per second . 
Meditation ::   meditation is a practice where an individual operates or trains the mind or induces a mode of consciousness , either to realize some benefit or for the mind to simply acknowledge its content without becoming identified with that content , or as an end in itself . 
MPEG-4 ::   mpeg-4 is a method of defining compression of audio and visual ( av ) digital data . 
Microassembler ::   a microassembler is a computer program that helps prepare a microprogram , called " firmware " , to control the low level operation of a computer in much the same way an assembler helps prepare higher level code for a processor . 
Myriad ::   a myriad ( from ancient greek , " myrias " ) is technically the number ten thousand ; in that sense , the term is used almost exclusively in translations from greek , latin , or chinese , or when talking about ancient greek numbers . 
Marmite ::   marmite ( ) is the brand name for two similar food spreads : the original british version currently produced by unilever ; and a modified version produced in new zealand by sanitarium health food company and distributed in australia and the pacific . 
Microwave ::   microwaves are a form of electromagnetic radiation with wavelengths ranging from one meter to one millimeter ; with frequencies between and . 
Methodism ::   methodism or the methodist movement is a group of historically related denominations of protestant christianity which derive their inspiration from the life and teachings of john wesley . 
Mancala ::   mancala , is a generic name for a family of 2-player turn - based strategy board games played with small stones , beans , or seeds and rows of holes or pits in the earth , a board or other playing surface . 
Maastricht ::   maastricht (; limburgish : " mestreech " ; french : " maestricht " ; spanish : " mastrique " ) is a city and a municipality in the southeast of the netherlands . 
Shang-Chi ::   shang - chi ( ) is a fictional character , often called the " master of kung fu " , appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
Marcomanni ::   the marcomanni were a germanic tribal confederation who eventually came to live in a powerful kingdom north of the danube , somewhere in the region near modern bohemia , during the peak of power of the nearby roman empire . 
Maroboduus ::   maroboduus ( born c. in 30 bc , died in ad 37 ) , was a romanized king of the germanic suebi , who under pressure from the wars of the cherusci and romans , and losing the suevic semnones and langobardi from his kingdom , moved with the marcomanni into the forests of bohemia , near to the quadi . 
Muon ::   the muon (; from the greek letter mu ( μ ) used to represent it ) is an elementary particle similar to the electron , with an electric charge of −1   " e " and a spin of , but with a much greater mass . 
Mousse ::   a mousse ( french ' foam ' ) is a soft prepared food that incorporates air bubbles to give it a light and airy texture . 
Metallocene ::   a metallocene is a compound typically consisting of two cyclopentadienyl anions ( cp , which is ) bound to a metal center ( m ) in the oxidation state ii , with the resulting general formula ( ch)m. closely related to the metallocenes are the metallocene derivatives , e.g. titanocene dichloride , vanadocene dichloride . 
Maze ::   a maze is a path or collection of paths , typically from an entrance to a goal . 
Mammoth ::   a mammoth is any species of the extinct genus mammuthus , proboscideans commonly equipped with long , curved tusks and , in northern species , a covering of long hair . 
Murder ::   murder is the unlawful killing of another human without justification or valid excuse , especially the unlawful killing of another human being with malice aforethought . 
Mesopotamia ::   mesopotamia was a historic region in asia situated within the tigris – euphrates river system , in modern days roughly corresponding to most of iraq plus kuwait , the eastern parts of syria , southeastern turkey , and regions along the turkish– 
Mecklenburg ::   mecklenburg ( , locally , low german : " mękel(n)borg " ) is a historical region in northern germany comprising the western and larger part of the federal - state mecklenburg - vorpommern . 
Manatee ::   manatees ( family trichechidae , genus trichechus ) are large , fully aquatic , mostly herbivorous marine mammals sometimes known as sea cows . 
Marsupial ::   marsupials are any members of the mammalian infraclass marsupialia . 
Manchester ::   manchester ( ) is a city and metropolitan borough in greater manchester , england , with a population of 530,300 . 
Moravia ::   moravia (; ; ; ; ) is a historical country in the czech republic ( forming its eastern part ) and one of the historical czech lands , together with bohemia and czech silesia . 
Mummy ::   a mummy is a deceased human or an animal whose skin and organs have been preserved by either intentional or accidental exposure to chemicals , extreme cold , very low humidity , or lack of air , so that the recovered body does not decay further if kept in cool and dry conditions . 
Melilla ::   melilla ( ; , ; ; , " maliliyyah " ) is a spanish autonomous city located on the north coast of africa , sharing a border with morocco , with an area of . 
Macaroni ::   macaroni is a variety of dry pasta traditionally shaped and produced in various shapes and sizes . 
Minestrone ::   minestrone (; ) is a thick soup of italian origin made with vegetables , often with the addition of pasta or rice , sometimes both . 
Machete ::   a machete (; ) is a broad blade used either as an implement like an axe , or in combat like a short sword . 
Mushroom ::   a mushroom ( or toadstool ) is the fleshy , spore - bearing fruiting body of a fungus , typically produced above ground on soil or on its food source . 
Minicomputer ::   a minicomputer , or colloquially mini , is a class of smaller computers that was developed in the mid-1960s and sold for much less than mainframe and mid - size computers from ibm and its direct competitors . 
Micah ::   micah (; ) is a given name . 
Malachi ::   malachi , malachias , malache or mal'achi (; ) was the writer of the book of malachi , the last book of the neviim ( prophets ) section in the hebrew bible . 
MultiMate ::   multimate was a word processor developed by multimate international for ibm pc ms - dos computers in the early 1980s . 
Multiplan ::   multiplan was an early spreadsheet program developed by microsoft . 
Motorola ::   < /ref > motorola , inc. ( ) was an american multinational telecommunications company founded on september 25 , 1928 , based in schaumburg , illinois . 
Mountaineering ::   the term mountaineering describes the sport of mountain climbing . 
Megara ::   megara (; , ) is a historic town and a municipality in west attica , greece . 
Metrication ::   metrication or 
Month ::   a month is a unit of time , used with calendars , which is approximately as long as a natural period related to the motion of the moon ; " month " and " moon " are cognates . 
Mutagen ::   in genetics , a mutagen is a physical or chemical agent that changes the genetic material , usually dna , of an organism and thus increases the frequency of mutations above the natural background level . 
Moonfleet ::   moonfleet is a tale of smuggling , royal treasure and shipwreck by the english novelist j. meade falkner , first published in 1898 . 
Mitosis ::   in cell biology , mitosis is a part of the cell cycle when replicated chromosomes are separated into two new nuclei . 
Metabolism ::   metabolism ( from " metabolē " , " change " ) is the set of life - sustaining chemical transformations within the cells of organisms . 
Microorganism ::   a microorganism or microbe is a microscopic organism , which may exist in its single - celled form , or in a colony of cells . 
Modulus ::   modulus is the diminutive from the latin word " modus " meaning measure or manner . 
Micronation ::   a micronation , sometimes referred to as a model country or new country project , is an entity that claims to be an independent nation or state but is not recognized by world governments or major international organizations . 
Mining ::   mining is the extraction of valuable minerals or other geological materials from the earth usually from an orebody , lode , vein , seam , reef or placer deposits . 
Tatmadaw ::   the tatmadaw ( , ) , is the official name of the armed forces of myanmar ( burma ) . 
Muonium ::   muonium is an exotic atom made up of an antimuon and an electron , which was discovered in 1960 and is given the chemical symbol . 
M-theory ::   m - theory is a theory in physics that unifies all consistent versions of superstring theory . 
Multicast ::   in computer networking , multicast is group communication where data transmission is addressed to a group of destination computers simultaneously . 
MATLAB ::   matlab ( matrix laboratory ) is a multi - paradigm numerical computing environment . 
Meuse ::   the meuse (; ; walloon : " mouze " ) or maas (; , or " maas " ) is a major european river , rising in france and flowing through belgium and the netherlands before draining into the north sea . 
Mania ::   mania is a state of abnormally elevated arousal , affect , and energy level , or " a state of heightened overall activation with enhanced affective expression together with lability of affect . " 
Multimedia ::   multimedia is content that uses a combination of different content forms such as text , audio , images , animations , video and interactive content . 
Malaria ::   malaria is a mosquito - borne infectious disease affecting humans and other animals caused by parasitic protozoans ( a group of single - celled microorganisms ) belonging to the " plasmodium " type . 
Momentum ::   in newtonian mechanics , linear momentum , translational momentum , or simply momentum ( pl . momenta ) is the product of the mass and velocity of an object . 
Meconium ::   meconium is the earliest stool of a mammalian infant . 
Musicology ::   musicology ( ) is the scholarly analysis and research - based study of music . 
Magnetopause ::   the magnetopause is the abrupt boundary between a magnetosphere and the surrounding plasma . 
Magnetosphere ::   a magnetosphere is the region of space surrounding an astronomical object in which charged particles are controlled by that object 's magnetic field . 
Manama ::   manama ( " " ) is the capital and largest city of bahrain , with an approximate population of 157,000 people . 
Masuria ::   masuria ( , , masurian : mazurÿ ) is a region in northern poland famous for its 2,000 lakes . 
Magnus ::   magnus , meaning " great " in latin , was sometimes used as a first name among romans but was not particularly common among them . 
Moose ::   the moose ( north america ) or elk ( eurasia ) , " alces alces " , is the largest extant species in the deer family . 
MeatballWiki ::   meatballwiki was a wiki dedicated to online communities , network culture , and hypermedia . 
Marrakesh ::   marrakesh ( or ; " murrākuš " ; " meṛṛakec " ) , also known by the french spelling marrakech , is a major city of the kingdom of morocco . 
Monometer ::   in poetry , a monometer is a line of verse with just one metrical foot or dipody . 
Mazar-i-Sharif ::   mazar - i - sharif ( dari/ ; " mazâre šarif " ; ) is the second - largest city of afghanistan , with a 2015 un — habitat population estimate between 577,500 and 693,000 . 
Metaphor ::   a metaphor is a figure of speech that refers , for rhetorical effect , to one thing by mentioning another thing . 
Mainz ::   mainz (; ; , ) is the capital and largest city of the state of rhineland - palatinate in germany . 
Montauban ::   montauban (; ) is a commune in the tarn - et - garonne department in the occitanie region in southern france . 
Morphophonology ::   morphophonology ( also morphophonemics or morphonology ) is the branch of linguistics that studies the interaction between morphological and phonological or phonetic processes . 
Mirror ::   a mirror is an object that reflects light in such a way that , for incident light in some range of wavelengths , the reflected light preserves many or most of the detailed physical characteristics of the original light , called specular reflection . 
Mindanao ::   mindanao ( ) is the second largest island in the philippines . 
Maeshowe ::   maeshowe ( or maes howe ; " norse " : orkhaugr ) is a neolithic chambered cairn and passage grave situated on mainland , orkney , scotland . 
Macrolide ::   the macrolides are a class of natural products that consist of a large macrocyclic lactone ring to which one or more deoxy sugars , usually cladinose and desosamine , may be attached . 
Mesolithic ::   in archaeology , the mesolithic ( greek : μέσος , " mesos " " middle " ; λίθος , " lithos " " stone " ) is the period between paleolithic and neolithic 
Malpractice ::   in the law of torts , malpractice , also known as professional negligence , is an " instance of negligence or incompetence on the part of a professional " . 
Mediation ::   mediation is a dynamic , structured , interactive process where a neutral third party assists disputing parties in resolving conflict through the use of specialized communication and negotiation techniques . 
Misdemeanor ::   a misdemeanor ( american english , spelled misdemeanour in british english ) is any " lesser " criminal act in some common law legal systems . 
M107 :: 
Man'yōshū ::   the is the oldest existing collection of japanese poetry , compiled sometime after ad   759 during the nara period . 
Maggieknockater ::   maggieknockater ( " magh an fhucadair " in scottish gaelic ) is a hamlet on the a95 road between craigellachie and mulben in scotland in the moray council area , in the former county of banffshire . 
Montoneros ::   montoneros ( ) was an argentine leftist terrorist and urban guerrilla group , active during the 1960s and 1970s . 
Monophyly ::   in cladistics , a monophyletic group is a group of organisms that forms a clade , which consists of all the descendants of a common ancestor . 
Morphine ::   morphine is a pain medication of the opiate type which is found naturally in a number of plants and animals . 
Microtubule ::   microtubules ( " micro- " + " tube " + " -ule " ) are a component of the cytoskeleton , found throughout the cytoplasm . 
Militia ::   a militia is generally an army or some other fighting organization of non - professional soldiers , citizens of a nation , or subjects of a state , who can be called upon for military service during a time of need , as opposed to a professional force of regular , full - time military personnel , or historically , members of a warrior nobility class ( e.g. , knights or samurai ) . 
Makran ::   makran ( ) ( pronounced [ mæk'rɑːn ] ) is a semi - desert coastal strip in balochistan , in pakistan and iran , along the coast of the persian gulf and the gulf of oman . 
Micrometre ::   the micrometre ( international spelling as used by the international bureau of weights and measures ; si symbol : μm ) or micrometer ( american spelling ) , also commonly known as a micron , is an si derived unit of length equaling 1×10 of a metre ( si standard prefix " micro- " = 10 ) ; that is , one millionth of a metre ( or one thousandth of a millimetre , 0.001   mm , or about 0.000039   inch ) . 
Maharashtra ::   maharashtra (; , abbr . 
Mozzarella ::   mozzarella (; ) is a traditionally southern italian dairy product made from italian buffalo 's milk by the pasta filata method . 
Macrinus ::   macrinus (; – june 218 ) was roman emperor from april 217 to 8 june 218 . 
Minotaur ::   in greek mythology , the minotaur ( , ; , , etruscan : " θevrumineś " ) was a creature with the head of a bull and the body of a man or , as described by roman poet ovid , a being " part man and part bull " . 
Memex ::   the memex ( originally coined " at random " , though sometimes said to be a portmanteau of " memory " and " index " ) is the name of the hypothetical proto - hypertext system that vannevar bush described in his 1945 " the atlantic monthly " article " as we may think " . 
Modulation ::   in electronics and telecommunications , modulation is the process of varying one or more properties of a periodic waveform , called the " carrier signal " , with a modulating signal that typically contains information to be transmitted . 
MacOS ::   macos (; previously mac os x and later os x ) is the current series of unix - based graphical operating systems developed and marketed by apple inc. designed to run on apple 's macintosh computers ( " macs " ) . 
Mattel ::   mattel , inc. ( ) is an american multinational toy manufacturing company founded in 1945 with headquarters in el segundo , california . 
Melting ::   melting , or fusion , is a physical process that results in the phase transition of a substance from a solid to a liquid . 
Macroevolution ::   macroevolution is evolution on a scale at or above the level of species , in contrast with microevolution , which refers to smaller evolutionary changes of allele frequencies within a species or population . 
Megadeth ::   megadeth is an american heavy metal band from los angeles , california . 
Minos :: 
Maribor ::   maribor ( , german : " marburg an der drau " ) is the second - largest city in slovenia with about 95,500 inhabitants in 2016 . 
Mehrgarh ::   mehrgarh ( balochi : " mehrgaŕh " ; ; ;) , sometimes anglicized as mehergarh or mehrgar , is a neolithic ( 7000   bce to c. 2500/2000   bce ) site located near the bolan pass on the kacchi plain of balochistan , pakistan , to the west of the indus river valley . 
Microvision ::   the microvision is the first handheld game console that used interchangeable cartridges . 
Michael ::   michael is a masculine given name that comes from ( " mīkhāʼēl " , pronounced ) , derived from the question מי כאל " mī kāʼēl " , meaning " who is like god ? " . 
Modafinil ::   modafinil is a wakefulness - promoting drug used for treatment of disorders such as narcolepsy , shift work sleep disorder , and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea . 
Masorti :: 
Mobil ::   mobil , previously known as the socony - vacuum oil company , is a major american oil company which merged with exxon in 1999 to form a parent company called exxonmobil . 
Mellitus ::   mellitus ( died 24 april 624 ) was the first bishop of london in the saxon period , the third archbishop of canterbury , and a member of the gregorian mission sent to england to convert the anglo - saxons from their native paganism to christianity . 
Mineraloid ::   a mineraloid is a mineral - like substance that does not demonstrate crystallinity . 
Microlith ::   a microlith is a small stone tool usually made of flint or chert and typically a centimetre or so in length and half a centimetre wide . 
Monorail ::   a monorail is a railway in which the track consists of a single rail . 
Montenegro ::   montenegro ( ; montenegrin : " crna gora"/црна гора , , meaning " black mountain " ) is a sovereign state in southeastern europe . 
Midas ::   midas (; ) is the name of at least three members of the royal house of phrygia . 
Misandry ::   misandry ( ) is the hatred of , contempt for , or prejudice against men or boys . 
MSIL ::   msil can mean : mssmawi 
MusicBrainz ::   musicbrainz is a project that aims to create an open data music database that is similar to the freedb project . 
Mennonite ::   the mennonites are christian groups belonging to the church communities of anabaptist denominations named after menno simons ( 1496–1561 ) of friesland ( which today is a province of the netherlands ) . 
MMIX ::   mmix ( pronounced " em - mix " ) is a 64-bit risc architecture designed by donald knuth , with significant contributions by john l. hennessy ( who contributed to the design of the mips architecture ) and richard l. sites ( who was an architect of the alpha architecture ) . 
Magdeburg ::   magdeburg (; low saxon : " meideborg " , ) is the capital city and the second largest city of the state of saxony - anhalt , germany . 
Motet ::   in western music , a motet is a mainly vocal musical composition , of highly varied form and style , from the late medieval era to the present . 
Merlin ::   merlin ( ) is a legendary figure best known as the wizard featured in arthurian legend and medieval welsh poetry . 
Merchant ::   a merchant is a person who trades in commodities produced by other people . 
Mentat ::   a mentat is a fictional type of human , presented in frank herbert 's science fiction " dune " universe . 
Mayerling ::   mayerling is a small village ( pop : 200 ) in lower austria belonging to the municipality of alland in the district of baden . 
Modula ::   the modula programming language is a descendant of the pascal programming language . 
Mithraism ::   mithraism , also known as the mithraic mysteries , was a mystery religion centred around the god mithras that was practised in the roman empire from about the 1st to the 4th century ce . 
Minivan ::   a minivan ( american english ) , people carrier ( british english ) , or mpv ( multi - purpose vehicle ) or muv ( multi - utility vehicle ) is a vehicle size classification describing a high - roof vehicle with a flexible interior layout . 
Moxie ::   moxie is a brand of carbonated beverage that was among the first mass - produced soft drinks in the united states . 
Manifesto ::   a manifesto is a published verbal declaration of the intentions , motives , or views of the issuer , be it an individual , group , political party or government . 
Menilite ::   menilite is a greyish - brown form of the mineraloid opal . 
Minimalism ::   in visual arts , music , and other mediums , minimalism is a style that uses pared - down design elements . 
Multiplication ::   multiplication ( often denoted by the cross symbol " × " , by a point " ⋅ " , by juxtaposition , or , on computers , by an asterisk " ∗ " ) is one of the four elementary mathematical operations of arithmetic ; with the others being addition , subtraction and division . 
Malt ::   malt is germinated cereal grains that have been dried in a process known as " malting " . 
Masonry ::   masonry is the building of structures from individual units , which are often laid in and bound together by mortar ; the term " masonry " can also refer to the units themselves . 
Manorialism ::   manorialism was an essential element of feudal society . 
Metamorphosis ::   metamorphosis is a biological process by which an animal physically develops after birth or hatching , involving a conspicuous and relatively abrupt change in the animal 's body structure through cell growth and differentiation . 
Mycology ::   mycology is the branch of biology concerned with the study of fungi , including their genetic and biochemical properties , their taxonomy and their use to humans as a source for tinder , medicine , food , and entheogens , as well as their dangers , such as toxicity or infection . 
Melancholia ::   melancholia ( from , ' ) , also lugubriousness , from the latin " lugere " , to mourn ; moroseness , from the latin " morosus " , self - willed , fastidious habit ; wistfulness , from old english " wist " : intent , or saturnine , was a concept in ancient and pre - modern medicine . 
Mimosa ::   mimosa is a genus of about 400 species of herbs and shrubs , in the mimosoid clade of the legume family fabaceae . 
Mira ::   mira , alternatively designated omicron ceti ( ο ceti , abbreviated omicron cet , ο cet ) is a red giant star estimated to be 200–400 light years from the sun in the constellation of cetus . 
Mojito ::   mojito (; ) is a traditional cuban highball . 
Miso :: 
Malware ::   malware , short for malicious software , is an umbrella term used to refer to a variety of forms of hostile or intrusive software , including computer viruses , worms , trojan horses , ransomware , spyware , adware , scareware , and other malicious programs . 
Motörhead ::   motörhead ( ) were an english rock band formed in june 1975 by bassist , singer , and songwriter ian fraser " lemmy " kilmister , who was the sole constant member , guitarist larry wallis and drummer lucas fox . 
Multiverse ::   the multiverse ( or meta - universe ) is the hypothetical set of possible universes , including the universe in which we live . 
Matzo ::   matzo , matza or matzah ( " matsah " , " matsa " ; plural matzot ; matzos of ashkenazi hebrew dialect ) is an unleavened flatbread that is part of jewish cuisine and forms an integral element of the passover festival , during which " chametz " ( leaven and five grains that , per jewish law , can be leavened ) is forbidden . 
Millennialism ::   millennialism ( from millennium , latin for " a thousand years " ) , or chiliasm ( from the greek equivalent ) , is a belief advanced by some christian denominations that a golden age or paradise will occur on earth in which " christ will reign " for 1000 years prior to the final judgment and future eternal state ( the " world to come " of the " new heavens " and " new earth " ) . 
Brainwashing ::   brainwashing ( also known as mind control , menticide , coercive persuasion , thought control , thought reform , and re - education ) is a non - scientific concept that the human mind can be altered or controlled by certain psychological techniques . 
Methadone ::   methadone , sold under the brand name dolophine , among others , is an opioid used to treat pain and as maintenance therapy or to help with tapering in people with opioid dependence . 
Meritocracy ::   meritocracy ( " merit " , from latin " mereō " , and " -cracy " , from ancient greek κράτος " " " strength , power " ) is a political philosophy stating that power should be vested in individuals almost exclusively based on ability and talent . 
Marxism–Leninism ::   marxism – leninism is the political ideology adopted by the communist party of the soviet union and comintern , which its proponents consider to be based on marxism and leninism . 
Masada ::   masada ( ' " fortress " ) is an ancient fortification in the southern district of israel situated on top of an isolated rock plateau , akin to a mesa . 
Maremma ::   the maremma is a coastal area of western central italy , bordering the tyrrhenian sea . 
McLaren ::   mclaren racing limited , competing as mclaren honda , is a british formula one team based at the mclaren technology centre , woking , surrey , england . 
Montalcino ::   montalcino is a hill town and " comune " in tuscany , italy . 
Magazine ::   a magazine is a publication , usually a periodical publication , which is printed or electronically published ( sometimes referred to as an online magazine ) . 
Multivibrator ::   a multivibrator is an electronic circuit used to implement a variety of simple two - state devices such as relaxation oscillators , timers and flip - flops . 
Merseburg ::   merseburg ( ) is a town in the south of the german state of saxony - anhalt on the river saale , approx . 
Microcontroller ::   a microcontroller ( or mcu for " microcontroller unit " ) is a small computer on a single integrated circuit . 
Michelangelo ::   michelangelo di lodovico buonarroti simoni (; ; 6 march 1475 – 18 february 1564 ) was an italian sculptor , painter , architect , and poet of the high renaissance born in the republic of florence , who exerted an unparalleled influence on the development of western art . 
Mecca ::   mecca ( ) or makkah ( " " ) is a city in the tihamah plain in saudi arabia that is also the capital and administrative headquarters of the makkah region . 
Mormonism ::   mormonism is the predominant religious tradition of the latter day saint movement of restorationist christianity . 
Molokan ::   a molokan ( or , " milk - drinker " ) is a member of various spiritual christian sects that evolved from eastern christianity in the east slavic lands . 
Mohism ::   mohism or moism ( aka . mohist school of logic ) ( ) was an ancient chinese philosophy of logic , rational thought and science developed by the academic scholars who studied under the ancient chinese philosopher mozi ( c. 470 bc– 
Migraine ::   a migraine is a primary headache disorder characterized by recurrent headaches that are moderate to severe . 
Mafic ::   mafic is an adjective describing a silicate mineral or igneous rock that is rich in magnesium and iron , and is thus a portmanteau of magnesium and ferric . 
Maxis ::   ea maxis is a subsidiary of electronic arts ( ea ) , serving as one of its four major video game development labels . 
Motel ::   a motel is a hotel designed for motorists and usually has a parking area for motor vehicles . 
Mica ::   the mica group of sheet silicate ( phyllosilicate ) minerals includes several closely related materials having nearly perfect basal cleavage . 
Muscovite ::   muscovite ( also known as common mica , isinglass , or potash mica ) is a hydrated phyllosilicate mineral of aluminium and potassium with formula kal(alsio)(f , oh ) , or ( kf)(alo)(sio)(ho ) . 
NupeCode ::   nupecode is free / open source software ( released under the gnu general public license ) designed for large peer review projects . 
Napster ::   napster was the name given to two music - focused online services . 
NASCAR ::   the national association for stock car auto racing ( nascar ) is an american family - owned and operated business venture that sanctions and governs multiple auto - racing sports events . 
Neuron ::   a neuron ( or , also known as a neurone or nerve cell ) is an electrically excitable cell that receives , processes , and transmits information through electrical and chemical signals . 
NATO ::   the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ; ; ' ) , also called the north atlantic alliance , is an intergovernmental military alliance between several north american and european states based on the north atlantic treaty that was signed on 4   april 1949 . 
Numerology ::   numerology is any belief in the divine , mystical relationship between a number and one or more coinciding events . 
Netherlands ::   the netherlands (; ; frisian : " nederlân " ) , also known informally as holland , is a country in western europe with a population of seventeen million . 
N.W.A ::   n.w.a ( an abbreviation for niggaz wit attitudes ) was an american hip hop group from los angeles , california . 
Nibble ::   in computing , a nibble ( often nybble or nyble to match the spelling of byte ) is a four - bit aggregation , or half an octet . 
Nitrogen ::   nitrogen is a chemical element with symbol n and atomic number 7 . 
Nominalism ::   in metaphysics , nominalism is a philosophical view which denies the existence of universals and abstract objects , but affirms the existence of general or abstract terms and predicates . 
Non-cognitivism ::   non - cognitivism is the meta - ethical view that ethical sentences do not express propositions ( i.e. , statements ) and thus can not be true or false ( they are not truth - apt ) . 
Neolithic ::   the neolithic ( ) was a period in the development of human technology , beginning about 15,200   bc , according to the aspro chronology , in some parts of the middle east , and later in other parts of the world and ending between 4500 and 2000   bc . 
Nomic ::   nomic is a game created in 1982 by philosopher peter suber in which the rules of the game include mechanisms for the players to change those rules , usually beginning through a system of democratic voting . 
Nintendo ::   nintendo co. , ltd. is a japanese multinational consumer electronics and video game company headquartered in kyoto . 
Naraoiidae ::   naraoiidae is a family , of extinct , soft - shelled trilobite - like arthropods , that belongs to the order nectaspida . 
Nevada ::   nevada ( spanish for " snowy " ; see pronunciations ) is a state in the western , mountain west , and southwestern regions of the united states of america . 
Neuromyotonia ::   neuromyotonia ( nmt ) , also known as isaacs syndrome and isaacs - merton syndrome , is a form of peripheral nerve hyperexcitability that causes spontaneous muscular activity resulting from repetitive motor unit action potentials of peripheral origin . 
Neurology ::   neurology ( from , " neuron " , and the suffix a neurologist is a physician specializing in neurology and trained to investigate , or diagnose and treat neurological disorders . 
Niue ::   niue ( ; niuean : " niuē " ) is an island country in the south pacific ocean , northeast of new zealand , east of tonga , south of samoa , and west of the cook islands . 
Nirvana :: 
Nissan ::   , usually shortened to nissan ( or ; japanese : ) , is a japanese multinational automobile manufacturer headquartered in nishi - ku , yokohama . 
Norway ::   norway ( ; norwegian : ( bokmål ) or ( nynorsk ) ; ) , officially the kingdom of norway , is a sovereign state and unitary monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the scandinavian peninsula plus the remote island of jan mayen and the archipelago of svalbard . 
Nokia ::   nokia corporation ( , , , ) , stylised as nokia , is a finnish multinational communications , information technology and consumer electronics company , founded in 1865 . 
Nortel ::   nortel networks corporation , formerly known as northern telecom limited , northern electric and sometimes known simply as nortel , was a multinational telecommunications and data networking equipment manufacturer headquartered in mississauga , ontario , canada . 
Nile ::   the nile ( ,   " en - nīl " ,   " an - nīl " ; , " p(h)iaro " ; ancient egyptian :   " ḥ'pī " and " jtrw " ; biblical hebrew : היאור , " ha - ye'or " or השיחור , " ha - shiḥor " ) is a major north - flowing river in northeastern africa , and is commonly regarded as the longest river in the world , though some sources claim that the amazon river is longer . 
Neuroscience ::   neuroscience ( or neurobiology ) is the scientific study of the nervous system . 
Nasreddin ::   nasreddin or nasreddin hodja ( ) was a seljuq satirical sufi , born in hortu village in sivrihisar , eskişehir province , present - day turkey and died in 13th century in akşehir , near konya , a capital of the seljuk sultanate of rum , in today 's turkey . 
Neutron ::   the neutron is a subatomic particle , symbol or , with no net electric charge and a mass slightly larger than that of a proton . 
Neon ::   neon is a chemical element with symbol ne and atomic number 10 . 
Nickel ::   nickel is a chemical element with symbol ni and atomic number 28 . 
Niobium ::   niobium , formerly " columbium " , is a chemical element with symbol nb ( formerly " cb " ) and atomic number 41 . 
Neodymium ::   neodymium is a chemical element with symbol nd and atomic number 60 . 
Neptunium ::   neptunium is a chemical element with symbol np and atomic number 93 . 
Nobelium ::   nobelium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol no and atomic number 102 . 
Nuremberg ::   nuremberg (; ; ) is a city on the river pegnitz and on the rhine – main – danube canal in the german state of bavaria , in the administrative region of middle franconia , about north of munich . 
N ::   n ( named " en " ) is the 14th letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Namibia ::   namibia ( , ) , officially the republic of namibia ( german : ; ) is a country in southern africa whose western border is the atlantic ocean . 
Nauru ::   nauru ( , or ) , officially the republic of nauru ( ) and formerly known as pleasant island , is an island country in micronesia in the central pacific . 
Nicaragua ::   nicaragua (; ) , officially the republic of nicaragua ( ) , is the largest country in the central american isthmus , bordered by honduras to the north , the caribbean to the east , costa rica to the south , and the pacific ocean to the west . 
Niger ::   niger ( pronounced ni - zhair , to rhyme with " pierre " ) or the niger ; ) officially the republic of the niger , is a landlocked country in western africa named after the niger river . 
Nigeria ::   the federal republic of nigeria , commonly referred to as nigeria , is a federal republic in west africa , bordering benin in the west , chad and cameroon in the east , and niger in the north . 
Nerve ::   a nerve is an enclosed , cable - like bundle of axons ( nerve fibers , the long and slender projections of neurons ) in the peripheral nervous system . 
Negligence ::   negligence ( lat . 
Necronomicon ::   the necronomicon is a fictional grimoire ( textbook of magic ) appearing in the stories by horror writer h. p. lovecraft and his followers . 
November ::   november is the eleventh and penultimate month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars and the fourth and last month to have the length of 30 days . 
Neogene ::   the neogene ( ) is a geologic period and system that spans 20.45 million years from the end of the paleogene period million years ago ( mya ) to the beginning of the present quaternary period mya . 
Nairobi ::   nairobi (; ) is the capital and largest city of kenya . 
Neutrino ::   a neutrino ( or ) ( denoted by the greek letter ν ) is a fermion ( an elementary particle with half - integer spin ) that interacts only via the weak subatomic force and gravity . 
Nanotechnology ::   nanotechnology ( " nanotech " ) is manipulation of matter on an atomic , molecular , and supramolecular scale . 
NetHack ::   nethack is a single - player roguelike video game originally released in 1987 with ascii graphics . 
Nylon ::   nylon is a generic designation for a family of synthetic polymers , based on aliphatic or semi - aromatic polyamides . 
Nucleus ::   nucleus ( pl : " nuclei " ) is a latin word for the seed inside a fruit . 
Nerd ::   a nerd is a person seen as overly intellectual , obsessive , or lacking social skills . 
Nitrate ::   nitrate is a polyatomic ion with the molecular formula and a molecular mass of 62.0049   u. nitrates also describe the organic functional group rono . 
Nike ::   nike often refers to : nike may also refer to : 
Nevis ::   nevis is a small island in the caribbean sea that forms part of the inner arc of the leeward islands chain of the west indies . 
Nucleotide ::   nucleotides are organic molecules that serve as the monomer units for forming the nucleic acid polymers deoxyribonucleic acid ( dna ) and ribonucleic acid ( rna ) , both of which are essential biomolecules in all life - forms on earth . 
Noosphere ::   the noosphere (; sometimes noösphere ) is the sphere of human thought . 
Nanomedicine ::   nanomedicine is the medical application of nanotechnology . 
Nutrition ::   nutrition is the science that interprets the interaction of nutrients and other substances in food in relation to maintenance , growth , reproduction , health and disease of an organism . 
Nitroglycerin ::   nitroglycerin ( ng ) , also known as nitroglycerine , trinitroglycerin ( tng ) , trinitroglycerine , nitro , glyceryl trinitrate ( gtn ) , or 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane , is a heavy , colorless , oily , explosive liquid most commonly produced by nitrating glycerol with white fuming nitric acid under conditions appropriate to the formation of the nitric acid ester . 
Navy ::   a navy or maritime force is a fleet of waterborne military vessels ( watercraft ) and its associated naval aviation , both sea - based and land - based . 
Norns ::   the norns ( old norse : " norn " , plural : " nornir " ) in norse mythology are female beings who rule the destiny of gods and men . 
Niflheim ::   niflheim ( or niflheimr ) ( " mist home " , the " abode of mist " or " mist world " , or probably " world of the darkness " according to the oxford english dictionary ) is one of the nine worlds and is a location in norse mythology which sometimes overlaps with the notions of niflhel and hel . 
NASDAQ ::   the nasdaq stock market ( ) is an american stock exchange . 
Nanoengineering ::   nanoengineering is the practice of engineering on the nanoscale . 
Nial ::   nial ( from " nested interactive array language " ) is a high - level array programming language developed from about 1981 by mike jenkins of queen 's university , kingston , ontario , canada . 
Nationality ::   nationality is a legal relationship between an individual person and a state . 
Nereus ::   in greek mythology , nereus (; ) was the eldest son of pontus ( the sea ) and gaia ( the earth ) , who with doris fathered the nereids and nerites , with whom nereus lived in the aegean sea . 
Nereid ::   in greek mythology , the nereids ( ; " nereides " , sg . " nereis " ) 
Nemesis ::   nemesis often refers to : nemesis may also refer to : 
Netball ::   netball is a ball sport played by two teams of seven players . 
Njörðr ::   in norse mythology , njörðr is a god among the vanir . 
Neutral ::   neutral and neutrality may mean the following , as the root is from the latin " neuter " , translating to " neither one , nor the other " . 
Nine-ball ::   nine - ball ( sometimes written 9-ball ) is a contemporary form of pool ( pocket billiards ) , with historical beginnings rooted in the united states and traceable to the 1920s . 
Nostradamus ::   michel de nostredame ( depending on the source , 14 or 21 december 1503 – 2 july 1566 ) , usually latinised as nostradamus , was a french physician and reputed seer who published collections of prophecies that have since become widely famous . 
Nero ::   nero (; latin : " nerō claudius caesar augustus germanicus " ; 15 december 37 ad – 9 june 68 ad ) was the last roman emperor of the julio - claudian dynasty . 
Nebraska ::   nebraska is a state that lies in both the great plains and the midwestern united states . 
Nihilism ::   nihilism ( or ; from the latin " " , nothing ) is a philosophical doctrine that suggests the lack of belief in one or more reputedly meaningful aspects of life . 
Nebula ::   a nebula ( latin for " cloud " or " fog " ; pl . 
Nucleariida ::   nucleariida is a group of amoebae with filose pseudopods , known mostly from soils and freshwater . 
NTSC ::   ntsc , named after the national television system committee , is the analog television system that is used in north america , and until digital conversion was used in most of the americas ( except brazil , argentina , paraguay , uruguay , and french guiana ) ; myanmar ; south korea ; taiwan ; japan ; and some pacific island nations and territories ( see map ) . 
Number ::   a number is a mathematical object used to count , measure , and label . 
NeXT ::   next ( later next computer and next software ) was an american computer and software company founded in 1985 by apple computer co - founder steve jobs , based in redwood city , california , that developed and manufactured a series of computer workstations intended for the higher education and business markets . 
Nineveh ::   nineveh (; ) was an ancient assyrian city of upper mesopotamia , located on the outskirts of mosul in modern - day northern iraq . 
Nazareth ::   nazareth (; , " natzrat " ; , " an - nāṣira " ; , " naṣrath " ) is the capital and the largest city in the northern district of israel . 
Noah :: 
Node ::   in general , a node is a localised swelling ( a " knot " ) or a point of intersection ( a vertex ) 
Nijmegen ::   nijmegen (; nijmeegs : " nimwegen " ) , historically anglicized as nimeguen , is a municipality and a city in the dutch province of gelderland . 
Normandy ::   normandy (; , pronounced , norman : " normaundie " , from old french " normanz " , 
Neuromancer ::   neuromancer is a 1984 science fiction novel by american - canadian writer william gibson . 
Nationalism ::   nationalism is a political , social , and economic system characterized by promoting the interests of a particular nation , particularly with the aim of gaining and maintaining self - governance , or full sovereignty , over the group 's homeland . 
Nation ::   the word nation stems from the latin " natio " , meaning " people , tribe , kin , genus , class , flock . " 
NBC ::   the national broadcasting company ( nbc ) is an american english language commercial broadcast television network that is a flagship property of nbcuniversal , a subsidiary of comcast . 
Nociception ::   nociception ( also nocioception or nociperception , from latin " nocere " ' to harm or hurt ' ) is the sensory nervous system 's response to certain harmful or potentially harmful stimuli . 
Nova ::   a nova ( plural " novae " or " novas " ) or classical nova ( cn or plural cne ) is a transient astronomical event that causes the sudden appearance of a bright , apparently " new " star , that slowly fades over several weeks or many months . 
Nagasaki ::   during world war ii , the american atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki made nagasaki the second and , to date , last city in the world to experience a nuclear attack . 
Nanjing ::   nanjing ( ) , formerly romanized as nanking and nankin , is a city situated in the heartland of the lower yangtze river region in china , which has long been a major centre of culture , education , research , politics , economy , transport networks and tourism . 
Namespace ::   in computing , a namespace is a set of symbols that are used to organize objects of various kinds , so that these objects may be referred to by name . 
Nahum ::   nahum ( or ; " naḥūm " ) was a minor prophet whose prophecy is recorded in the hebrew bible or old testament . 
Nemo ::   nemo is latin for " no one . " 
Nature ::   nature , in the broadest sense , is the natural , physical , or material world or universe . 
B-spline ::   in the mathematical subfield of numerical analysis , a b - spline , or basis spline , is a spline function that has minimal support with respect to a given degree , smoothness , and domain partition . 
Nanometre ::   the nanometre ( international spelling as used by the international bureau of weights and measures ; si symbol : nm ) or nanometer ( american spelling ) is a unit of length in the metric system , equal to one billionth of a metre ( m ) . 
Nucleosome ::   a nucleosome is a basic unit of dna packaging in eukaryotes , consisting of a segment of dna wound in sequence around eight histone protein cores . 
Nordic ::   nordic most commonly refers to : nordic may also refer to : 
Neurosurgery ::   neurosurgery , or neurological surgery , is the medical specialty concerned with the prevention , diagnosis , surgical treatment , and rehabilitation of disorders which affect any portion of the nervous system including the brain , spinal cord , peripheral nerves , and extra - cranial cerebrovascular system . 
Neijia ::   neijia is a term in chinese martial arts , grouping those styles that practice " neijing " , usually translated as internal martial arts , occupied with spiritual , mental or qi - related aspects , as opposed to an " external " approach focused on physiological aspects . 
Navigation ::   navigation is a field of study that focuses on the process of monitoring and controlling the movement of a craft or vehicle from one place to another . 
Non-fiction ::   non - fiction or nonfiction is content ( sometimes , in the form of a story ) whose creator , in good faith , assumes responsibility for the truth or accuracy of the events , people , or information presented . 
Cryptonomicon ::   cryptonomicon is a 1999 novel by american author neal stephenson , set in two different time periods . 
Neurotransmitter ::   neurotransmitters , also known as chemical messengers , are endogenous chemicals that enable neurotransmission . 
Neutronium ::   neutronium ( sometimes shortened to neutrium , also referred to as neutrite . ) 
Nim ::   variants of nim have been played since ancient times . 
Naturism ::   naturism , or nudism , is a cultural and political movement practising , advocating , and defending personal and social nudity , most but not all of which takes place on private property . 
Nordea ::   nordea bank ab , commonly referred to as nordea , is a nordic financial services group operating in northern europe . 
Napalm ::   napalm was a flammable liquid used in warfare . 
Neoteny ::   neoteny ( or , ( also called juvenilization ) is the delaying or slowing of the physiological ( or somatic ) development of an organism , typically an animal . 
Neoproterozoic ::   the neoproterozoic era is the unit of geologic time from . 
Nutcracker ::   a nutcracker is a tool designed to open nuts by cracking their shells . 
Nucleolus ::   the nucleolus ( or , plural nucleoli or ) is the largest structure in the nucleus of eukaryotic cells . 
Nucleon ::   in chemistry and physics , a nucleon is either a proton or a neutron , considered in its role as a component of an atomic nucleus . 
Nicotinamide ::   nicotinamide ( naa ) , also known as niacinamide , is a vitamin found in food , used as a dietary supplement , and used as a medication . 
Netscape ::   netscape communications ( formerly known as netscape communications corporation or netscape ) is an american computer services company known for its web browser , netscape navigator . 
Nomenklatura ::   the nomenklatura (; ) were a category of people within the soviet union and other eastern bloc countries who held various key administrative positions in the bureaucracy , running all spheres of those countries ' activity : government , industry , agriculture , education , etc . , whose positions were granted only with approval by the communist party of each country or region . 
Neopets ::   neopets ( originally " neopets " ) is a virtual pet website . 
Novial ::   novial [ " nov- " ( " new " ) + " ial , international auxiliary language " ] is a constructed international auxiliary language ( ial ) for universal communication between speakers of different native languages . 
Nephrology ::   nephrology ( from greek " nephros " " kidney " , combined with the suffix " -logy " , " the study of " ) is a specialty of medicine and pediatrics that concerns itself with the kidneys : the study of normal kidney function and kidney problems , the preservation of kidney health , and the treatment of kidney problems , from diet and medication to renal replacement therapy ( dialysis and kidney transplantation ) . 
Nymph ::   a nymph ( , " nýmphē " ) in greek mythology and in latin mythology is a minor female nature deity typically associated with a particular location or landform . 
Nestorianism ::   nestorianism is a christological doctrine that emphasizes a distinction between the human and divine natures of the divine person , jesus . 
Nori ::   originally , the term " nori " was generic and referred to seaweeds , including " hijiki " . 
Negotiation ::   negotiation is a dialogue between two or more people or parties intended to reach a beneficial outcome over one or more issues where a conflict exists with respect to at least one of these issues . 
Ncurses ::   ncurses ( new curses ) is a programming library providing an application programming interface ( api ) that allows the programmer to write text - based user interfaces in a terminal - independent manner . 
Nutation ::   nutation ( from latin " nūtātiō " , " nodding , swaying " ) is a rocking , swaying , or nodding motion in the axis of rotation of a largely axially symmetric object , such as a gyroscope , planet , or bullet in flight , or as an intended behavior of a mechanism . 
Nuvistor ::   the nuvistor is a type of vacuum tube announced by rca in 1959 . 
Neelin ::   neelin is a small community in the canadian province of manitoba . 
Nuoro ::   nuoro ( ; ) is a city and " comune " ( municipality ) in central - eastern sardinia , italy , situated on the slopes of the monte ortobene . 
Nürburgring ::   nürburgring is a 150,000-capacity motorsports complex located in the town of nürburg , rhineland - palatinate , germany . 
Nichiren ::   nichiren ( 日蓮 ; 16 february 1222 – 13 october 1282 ) , born as , was a japanese buddhist priest who lived during the kamakura period ( 1185–1333 ) . 
Nagarjuna ::   nāgārjuna ( c. 150 – c. 250 ce ) is widely considered one of the most important mahayana philosophers . 
Netlist ::   in electronic design , a netlist is a description of the connectivity of an electronic circuit . 
Ode ::   an ode ( from ) is a type of lyrical stanza . 
Ohio ::   ohio is a midwestern state in the great lakes region of the united states . 
Oligopoly ::   an oligopoly ( ) is a market form wherein a market or industry is dominated by a small number of sellers ( oligopolists ) . 
Oasis ::   in geography , an oasis (; plural : oases ) is an isolated area of vegetation in a desert , typically surrounding a spring or similar water source , such as a pond or small lake . oases also provide habitat for animals and even humans if the area is big enough . 
Oboe ::   oboes are a family of double reed woodwind instruments . 
Orthography ::   an orthography is a set of conventions for writing a language . 
Oelde ::   oelde ( ) is a town in the district of warendorf , in north rhine - westphalia , germany . 
Ontario ::   ontario (; ) , one of the 13 provinces and territories of canada , is located in east - central canada . 
Ottawa ::   ottawa ( or ; ) is the capital city of canada . 
Ontology ::   ontology is the philosophical study of the nature of being , becoming , existence , or reality , as well as the basic categories of being and their relations . 
Ordovician ::   the ordovician ( ) is a geologic period and system , the second of six periods of the paleozoic era . 
Oregano ::   oregano ( or ; ; , scientific name " origanum vulgare " , is a flowering plant in the mint family ( lamiaceae ) . 
Opel ::   opel automobile gmbh ( opel , ) is a german automobile manufacturer , a subsidiary of the french automobile manufacturer groupe psa since 1 august 2017 . 
Oligocene ::   the oligocene ( ) is a geologic epoch of the paleogene period and extends from about 33.9 million to 23 million years before the present ( to ) . 
Ozymandias ::   " ozymandias " ( in five syllables : , ; or four : , ) is a sonnet written by english romantic poet percy bysshe shelley ( 1792–1822 ) , first published in the 11 january 1818 issue of " the examiner " in london . 
Oxygen ::   oxygen is a chemical element with symbol   o and atomic number 8 . 
Osmium ::   osmium ( from greek ὀσμή " osme " , " smell " ) is a chemical element with symbol os and atomic number 76 . 
Oxide ::   an oxide is a chemical compound that contains at least one oxygen atom and one other element in its chemical formula . 
Overgrazing ::   overgrazing occurs when plants are exposed to intensive grazing for extended periods of time , or without sufficient recovery periods . 
Oxford ::   oxford ( ) is a city in the south east region of england and the county town of oxfordshire . 
Oslo ::   oslo ( , , ) is the capital and the most populous city in norway . 
Outing ::   outing is the act of disclosing an lgbt person 's sexual orientation or gender identity without that person 's consent . 
O ::   o ( named " o " , plural " oes " ) is the 15th letter and the fourth vowel in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Oligarchy ::   oligarchy (; ) is a form of power structure in which power rests with a small number of people . 
Oman ::   oman ( ; ' ) , officially the sultanate of oman ( ) , is an arab absolute monarchy country on the southeastern coast of the arabian peninsula . 
Octal ::   the octal numeral system , or oct for short , is the base-8 number system , and uses the digits 0 to 7 . 
October ::   october is the tenth month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars and the sixth month to have the length of 31 days . 
Opera ::   opera (; english plural : " operas " ; italian plural : " opere " ) is an art form in which singers and musicians perform a dramatic work combining text ( libretto ) and musical score , usually in a theatrical setting . 
Odyssey ::   the odyssey (; " odýsseia " , in classical attic ) is one of two major ancient greek epic poems attributed to homer . 
Osteichthyes ::   osteichthyes , popularly referred to as the bony fish , is a diverse taxonomic group of fish that have skeletons primarily composed of bone tissue , as opposed to cartilage . 
Orrorin ::   orrorin tugenensis is a postulated early species of homininae , estimated at and discovered in 2000 . 
Organelle ::   in cell biology , an organelle ( ) is a specialized subunit within a cell that has a specific function . 
Ouida ::   ouida (; 1 january 1839 – 25 january 1908 ) was the pseudonym of the english novelist maria louise ramé ( although she preferred to be known as marie louise de la ramée ) . 
OS/2 ::   os/2 is a series of computer operating systems , initially created by microsoft and ibm under the leadership of ibm software designer ed iacobucci , who later went on to found citrix systems , dayjet and virtualworks . 
Orange ::   orange usually refers to : orange may also refer to : 
Ostrogoths ::   the ostrogoths (; ) were the eastern branch of the later goths ( the other major branch being the visigoths ) . 
Orangutan ::   the orangutans ( also spelled orang - utan , orangutang , or orang - utang ) are three exclusively asian species of extant great apes . 
Octahedron ::   in geometry , an octahedron ( plural : octahedra ) is a polyhedron with eight faces , twelve edges , and six vertices . 
Othello ::   othello ( " the tragedy of othello , the moor of venice ) " is a tragedy by william shakespeare , believed to have been written in 1603 . 
Osteoporosis ::   osteoporosis is a disease where increased bone weakness increases the risk of a broken bone . 
Ontogeny ::   ontogeny ( also ontogenesis or morphogenesis ) is the origination and development of an organism , usually from the time of fertilization of the egg to the organism 's mature form — although the term can be used to refer to the study of the entirety of an organism 's lifespan . 
Ophiuchus ::   ophiuchus is a large constellation located around the celestial equator . 
Octans ::   octans is a faint constellation located in the deep southern sky . 
Olive ::   the olive , known by the botanical name olea europaea , meaning " european olive " , is a species of small tree in the family oleaceae , found in the mediterranean basin from portugal to the levant , the arabian peninsula , and southern asia as far east as china , as well as the canary islands and réunion . 
Otho ::   otho (; ; 28 april 32 – 16 april 69 ) was roman emperor for three months , from 15 january to 16 april 69 . 
Optics ::   optics is the branch of physics which involves the behaviour and properties of light , including its interactions with matter and the construction of instruments that use or detect it . 
Occult ::   the occult ( from the latin word " occultus " " clandestine , hidden , secret " ) is " knowledge of the hidden " . 
Oklahoma ::   oklahoma (; cherokee : " asgaya gigageyi " / ᎠᏍᎦᏯ ᎩᎦᎨᏱ ; pawnee : " uukuhuúwa " , cayuga : " gahnawiyoˀgeh " ) is a state in the south central region of the united states . 
Oxbridge ::   oxbridge is a " portmanteau " ( composite word ) of " oxford " and " cambridge " , both elite universities in the united kingdom . 
Orhan ::   orhan gazi (; ) ( c.1281   – march 1362 ) was the second bey of the nascent ottoman sultanate ( then known as the ottoman beylik or emirate ) from 1323/4 to 1362 . 
OpenGL ::   open graphics library ( opengl ) is a cross - language , cross - platform application programming interface ( api ) for rendering 2d and 3d vector graphics . 
Orbit ::   in physics , an orbit is the gravitationally curved trajectory of an object , such as the trajectory of a planet around a star or a natural satellite around a planet . 
Odense ::   odense ( ) is the third - largest city in denmark . 
Ogg ::   ogg is a free , open container format maintained by the xiph . 
Obelix ::   obelix ( obélix in french ) is a cartoon character and protagonist in the french comic book series asterix . 
Orienteering ::   orienteering is a group of sports that requires navigational skills using a map and compass to navigate from point to point in diverse and usually unfamiliar terrain whilst moving at speed . 
Oscillation ::   oscillation is the repetitive variation , typically in time , of some measure about a central value ( often a point of equilibrium ) or between two or more different states . 
Onomatopoeia ::   an onomatopoeia ( , ; from the greek ὀνοματοποιία ; ὄνομα for " name " and ποιέω for " i make " , adjectival form : " onomatopoeic " or " onomatopoetic " ) is a word that phonetically imitates , resembles or suggests the sound that it describes . 
Odysseus ::   odysseus (; ) , also known by the latin variant ulysses ( , ; ) , was a legendary greek king of ithaca and the hero of homer 's epic poem the " odyssey " . 
Orgasm ::   orgasm ( from greek ὀργασμός " orgasmos " " excitement , swelling " ; also sexual climax ) is the sudden discharge of accumulated sexual excitement during the sexual response cycle , resulting in rhythmic muscular contractions in the pelvic region characterized by sexual pleasure . 
Obadiah ::   obadiah ( pronounced , " ʿovadyah " or " ʿovadyahu " , or in modern hebrew " ovadyah " ; " slave of god " ) is a biblical theophorical name , meaning " servant of god " or " worshiper of yahweh . " 
Otorhinolaryngology ::   otorhinolaryngology ( also called otolaryngology - head and neck surgery ) is a surgical subspecialty within medicine that deals with conditions of the ear , nose , and throat ( ent ) and related structures of the head and neck . 
Otterlo ::   otterlo ( municipality of ede ) is a small village in the province of gelderland in the netherlands , in or near the nationaal park de hoge veluwe . 
OSGi ::   the osgi alliance , formerly known as the open services gateway initiative , is an open standards organization founded in march 1999 that originally specified and continues to maintain the osgi standard . 
Estrogen ::   estrogen ( american english ) or oestrogen ( british english ) is the primary female sex hormone as well as a medication . 
Oracle ::   in classical antiquity , 
Ore ::   an ore is a type of rock that contains sufficient minerals with important elements including metals that can be economically extracted from the rock . 
Ostracism ::   ostracism ( , " ostrakismos " ) was a procedure under the athenian democracy in which any citizen could be expelled from the city - state of athens for ten years . 
Omega ::   omega ( capital : ω , lowercase : ω ; greek ωμέγα ) is the 24th and last letter of the greek alphabet . 
Oceania ::   oceania ( or ) is a geographic region comprising melanesia , micronesia , polynesia and australasia . 
Orkney ::   orkney ( ) , also known as the orkney islands , is an archipelago in the northern isles of scotland , situated off the north coast of great britain . 
Hoy ::   hoy ( from norse " háey " meaning high island ) is an island in orkney , scotland measuring — ranked largest in the archipelago after the mainland . 
Rousay ::   rousay ( meaning rolf 's island ) is a small , hilly island about north of mainland , the largest island in the orkney islands of scotland , and has been nicknamed " the egypt of the north " , due to its archaeological diversity and importance . 
Observation ::   observation is the active acquisition of information from a primary source . 
Oftel ::   the office of telecommunications ( oftel ) ( " the telecommunications regulator " ) was a department in the united kingdom government , under civil service control , charged with promoting competition and maintaining the interests of consumers in the uk telecommunications market . 
Ossian ::   ossian (; irish gaelic / scottish gaelic : " oisean " ) is the narrator and purported author of a cycle of epic poems published by the scottish poet james macpherson from 1760 . 
Operand ::   in mathematics an operand is the object of a mathematical operation , i.e. it is the quantity that is operated on . 
Orimulsion ::   orimulsion is a registered trademark name for a bitumen - based fuel that was developed for industrial use by intevep , the research and development affiliate of petroleos de venezuela sa ( pdvsa ) , following earlier collaboration on oil emulsions with bp . 
Oxymoron ::   an oxymoron ( usual plural oxymorons , more rarely oxymora ) is a rhetorical device that uses an ostensible self - contradiction to illustrate a rhetorical point or to reveal a paradox . 
Oncogene ::   an oncogene is a gene that has the potential to cause cancer . 
Origen ::   origen (; , " ōrigénēs " ) , or origen adamantius ( , " ōrigénēs adamántios " ; 184/185 – 253/254 ) , was a greek scholar , ascetic , and early christian theologian who was born and spent the first half of his career in alexandria . 
Orchestra ::   an orchestra ( or ; ) is a large instrumental ensemble typical of classical music , which mixes instruments from different families , including bowed string instruments such as violin , viola , cello and double bass , as well as brass , woodwinds , and percussion instruments , each grouped in sections . 
Oolong ::   oolong ( ) ( ) is a traditional chinese tea ( " camellia sinensis ) " produced through a process including withering the plant under strong sun and oxidation before curling and twisting . 
Okapi ::   the okapi (; " okapia johnstoni " ) , also known as the forest giraffe or zebra giraffe , is an artiodactyl mammal native to the northeast of the democratic republic of the congo in central africa . 
Ovary ::   the ovary ( from , literally " egg " or " nut " ) is an ovum - producing reproductive organ , found in double pairs in the female as part of the vertebrate female reproductive system . 
Opium ::   opium ( poppy tears , with the scientific name : " lachryma papaveris " ) is the dried latex obtained from the opium poppy ( scientific name : " papaver somniferum " ) . 
Ozone ::   ozone ( systematically named 1λ,3λ-trioxidane and catena "- trioxygen ) , or trioxygen " ' , is an inorganic molecule with the chemical formula ' . 
Orchidaceae ::   the orchidaceae are a diverse and widespread family of flowering plants , with blooms that are often colourful and fragrant , commonly known as the orchid family . 
Obsidian ::   obsidian is a naturally occurring volcanic glass formed as an extrusive igneous rock . 
Otaku ::   otaku subculture is a central theme of various anime and manga works , documentaries and academic research . 
Ötzi ::   ötzi (; also called the iceman , the similaun man , the man from hauslabjoch , the tyrolean iceman , and the hauslabjoch mummy ) is a nickname given to the well - preserved natural mummy of a man who lived around 3,300 bce , more precisely between 3359 and 3105 bce , with a 66 percent chance that he died between 3239 and 3105 bce . 
Osiris ::   osiris ( , from egyptian " wsjr " , coptic ) is an egyptian god , identified as the god of the afterlife , the underworld , and the dead , but more appropriately as the god of transition , resurrection , and regeneration . 
Omnipotence ::   omnipotence is the quality of having unlimited power . 
Octopus ::   the octopus ( or ~ ) is a soft - bodied , eight - armed mollusc of the order octopoda . 
Omniscience ::   omniscience , mainly in religion , is the capacity to know everything that there is to know . 
Omri ::   omri (; fl . 9th century bc ) was , according to the hebrew bible , the sixth king of israel . 
Oxycodone ::   oxycodone is a semisynthetic opioid synthesized from thebaine , an opioid alkaloid found in the persian poppy , and one of the many alkaloids found in the opium poppy . 
Odobenidae ::   odobenidae is a family of pinnipeds . 
Paleolithic ::   the paleolithic ( or " palaeolithic " ) age is a prehistoric period of human history distinguished by the development of the most primitive stone tools and covers roughly 95% of human technological prehistory . 
Planet ::   a planet is an astronomical body orbiting a star or stellar remnant that the term " planet " is ancient , with ties to history , astrology , science , mythology , and religion . 
Psychology ::   psychology is the science of behavior and mind , embracing all aspects of conscious and unconscious experience as well as thought . 
PhpWiki ::   phpwiki is a web - based wiki software application . 
Poetry ::   poetry ( the term derives from a variant of the greek term , " poiesis " , " making " ) is a form of literature that uses aesthetic and rhythmic qualities of language — such as phonaesthetics , sound symbolism , and metre — to evoke meanings in addition to , or in place of , the prosaic ostensible meaning . 
Probability ::   probability is the measure of the likelihood that an event will occur . 
Poland ::   poland ( ) , officially the republic of poland ( , ) , is a sovereign country in central europe . 
Physics ::   physics ( from , from " phúsis " " nature " ) is the natural science that involves the study of matter and its motion and behavior through space and time , along with related concepts such as energy and force . 
Poseidon ::   poseidon (; , ) was one of the twelve olympians in ancient greek religion and myth . 
Population ::   a population is all the organisms of the same group or species , which live in a particular geographical area , and have the capability of interbreeding . 
Plato ::   plato (; greek : " plátōn " , in classical attic ; 428/427 or 424/423 – 348/347 bc ) was a philosopher in classical greece and the founder of the academy in athens , the first institution of higher learning in the western world . 
Phoneme ::   a phoneme ( ) is one of the units of sound ( or gesture in the case of sign languages , see chereme ) that distinguish one word from another in a particular language . 
Primate ::   a primate ( ) is a mammal of the order primates ( latin : " prime , first rank " ) . 
Politics ::   politics ( from greek : politiká : " politika " , definition " affairs of the cities " ) is the process of making decisions that apply to members of a group . more narrowly , it refers to achieving and exercising positions of governance — organized control over a human community , particularly a state . 
Paris ::   paris ( ) is the capital and most populous city of france , with an administrative - limits area of and a 2015 population of 2,229,621 . 
Postmaster ::   a postmaster is the head of an individual post office . 
Panama ::   panama ( ; ) , officially called the republic of panama ( ) , is a country in central america . 
Polynomial ::   in mathematics , a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables ( or indeterminates ) and coefficients , that involves only the operations of addition , subtraction , multiplication , and non - negative integer exponents of variables . 
Polymer ::   a polymer (; greek " poly- " , " many " + " -mer " , " parts " ) is a large molecule , or macromolecule , composed of many repeated subunits . 
Precedent :: 
Poker ::   poker is a family of card games that combines gambling , strategy , and skill . 
Portugal ::   portugal ( portuguese : ) , officially the portuguese republic ( ) , is a sovereign state located on the iberian peninsula in southwestern europe . 
Piano ::   the piano is an acoustic , stringed musical instrument invented in italy by bartolomeo cristofori around the year 1700 ( the exact year is uncertain ) , in which the strings are struck by hammers . 
Pseudoscience ::   pseudoscience consists of statements , beliefs , or practices that are claimed to be scientific and factual in the absence of evidence gathered and constrained by appropriate scientific methods . 
Prion ::   prions are infectious agents composed entirely of a protein material that can fold in multiple , structurally abstract ways , at least one of which is transmissible to other prion proteins , leading to disease in a manner that is epidemiologically comparable to the spread of viral infection . 
Potassium ::   potassium is a chemical element with symbol k ( from neo - latin " kalium " ) and atomic number   19 . 
Pope ::   the pope ( from " pappas " , a child 's word for " father " ) , also known as the pontiff ( from latin " pontifex maximus " " greatest bridge - builder " ) , is the bishop of rome , and therefore ex officio the leader of the worldwide catholic church . 
Passover ::   passover or pesach (; from hebrew " pesah , pesakh " ) , is an important , biblically - derived jewish holiday . 
Paleontology ::   paleontology or palaeontology ( ) is the scientific study of life that existed prior to , and sometimes including , the start of the holocene epoch ( roughly 11,700 years before present ) . 
Plotter ::   the plotter is a computer printer for printing vector graphics . 
Check-raise ::   a check - raise in poker is a common deceptive play in which a player checks early in a betting round , hoping someone else will open . 
Freeroll ::   in poker , a freeroll has two distinct meanings . 
Shuffling ::   shuffling is a procedure used to randomize a deck of playing cards to provide an element of chance in card games . 
Philology ::   philology is the study of language in written historical sources ; it is a combination of literary criticism , history , and linguistics . 
Phonetics ::   phonetics ( pronounced ) is a branch of linguistics that comprises the study of the sounds of human speech , or — in the case of sign languages — the equivalent aspects of sign . 
Petroleum ::   petroleum ( from : " rock " + " oleum " : " oil " . ) is a naturally occurring , yellow - to - black liquid found in geological formations beneath the earth 's surface . 
Particular ::   in metaphysics , particulars are defined as concrete , spatiotemporal entities as opposed to abstract entities , such as properties or numbers . 
Poultry ::   poultry ( ) are domesticated birds kept by humans for their eggs , their meat or their feathers . 
Propaganda ::   propaganda is information that is not objective and is used primarily to influence an audience and further an agenda , often by presenting facts selectively to encourage a particular synthesis or perception , or using loaded language to produce an emotional rather than a rational response to the information that is presented . 
Parsley ::   parsley or garden parsley ( petroselinum crispum ) is a species of flowering plant in the family apiaceae , native to the central mediterranean region ( southern italy , greece , portugal , spain , malta , morocco , algeria , and tunisia ) , naturalized elsewhere in europe , and widely cultivated as a herb , a spice , and a vegetable . 
Peppermint ::   peppermint ( mentha " × " piperita , also known as " mentha balsamea " willd . ) is a hybrid mint , a cross between watermint and spearmint . 
Pseudorandomness ::   a pseudorandom process is a process that appears to be random but is not . 
Poales ::   the poales are a large order of flowering plants in the monocotyledons , and includes families of plants such as the grasses , bromeliads , and sedges . 
Ploidy ::   ploidy is the number of sets of chromosomes in a cell , and hence the number of possible alleles for autosomal and pseudoautosomal genes . 
Playboy ::   playboy is an american men 's lifestyle and entertainment magazine . 
Permian ::   the permian is a geologic period and system which spans 46.7 million years from the end of the carboniferous period million years ago ( mya ) , to the beginning of the triassic period 251.902 mya . 
Polaris ::   polaris , designated alpha ursae minoris ( ursae minoris , abbreviated alpha umi , umi ) , commonly the north star or pole star , is the brightest star in the constellation of ursa minor . 
Parabola ::   in mathematics , a parabola is a plane curve , which is mirror - symmetrical , and is approximately u - shaped when oriented as shown in the diagram below ( it remains a parabola if is differently oriented ) . 
Paleozoic ::   the paleozoic ( or palaeozoic ) era (; from the greek " palaios " ( παλαιός ) , " old " and " zoe " ( ζωή ) , " life " , meaning " ancient life " ) is the earliest of three geologic eras of the phanerozoic eon . 
Pakistan ::   pakistan ( or ; ) , officially the islamic republic of pakistan ( ) , is a country in south asia and on junction of west asia , central asia and east asia . 
Phonology ::   phonology is a branch of linguistics concerned with the systematic organization of sounds in languages . 
Prometheus ::   prometheus ( ; , meaning " forethought " ) is a titan in greek mythology , best known as the deity in greek mythology who was the creator of mankind and its greatest benefactor , who stole fire from mount olympus and gave it to mankind . 
Phenylketonuria ::   phenylketonuria ( pku ) is an inborn error of metabolism that results in decreased metabolism of the amino acid phenylalanine . 
Parallax ::   parallax is a displacement or difference in the apparent position of an object viewed along two different lines of sight , and is measured by the angle or semi - angle of inclination between those two lines . 
Paralysis ::   paralysis is a loss of muscle function for one or more muscles . 
Plain ::   in geography , a plain is a flat , sweeping landmass that generally does not change much in elevation . 
Palestinians ::   the palestinian people ( , " ash - sha‘b al - filasṭīnī " ) , also referred to as palestinians ( , " al - filasṭīniyyūn " , ) or palestinian arabs ( , " al-'arabi il - filastini " ) , are an ethnonational group comprising the modern descendants of the peoples who have lived in palestine over the centuries , including jews and samaritans , and who today are largely culturally and linguistically arab . 
Physicist ::   a physicist is a scientist who has specialized knowledge in the field of physics , which encompasses the interactions of matter and energy at all length and time scales in the physical universe . 
Pipe ::   pipe usually refers to : pipe may also refer to : 
Patent ::   a patent is a set of exclusive rights granted by a sovereign state to an inventor or assignee for a limited period of time in exchange for detailed public disclosure of an invention . 
Pythagoras ::   pythagoras of samos (; ; , or simply ; πυθαγόρης in ionian greek ; ) was an ionian greek philosopher , mathematician , and putative founder of the pythagoreanism movement . 
Philosopher ::   a philosopher is someone who practices philosophy , which involves rational inquiry into areas that are outside either theology or science . 
Ubik ::   ubik ( ) is a 1969 science fiction novel by american writer philip k. dick . 
Passport ::   a passport is a travel document , usually issued by a country 's government , that certifies the identity and nationality of its holder primarily for the purpose of international travel . 
Pliocene ::   the pliocene (; also pleiocene ) epoch is the epoch in the geologic timescale that extends from 5.333 million to 2.58 million years bp . 
Pharaoh ::   pharaoh ( , or ) is the common title of the monarchs of ancient egypt from the first dynasty ( c. 3150 bce ) until the roman annexation of egypt in 30 bce , although the actual term " pharaoh " was not used contemporaneously for a ruler until circa 1200 bce . 
POSIX ::   the portable operating system interface ( posix ) is a family of standards specified by the ieee computer society for maintaining compatibility between operating systems . 
Pleistocene ::   the pleistocene ( , often colloquially referred to as the ice age ) is the geological epoch which lasted from about 2,588,000 to 11,700 years ago , spanning the world 's most recent period of repeated glaciations . 
Pasteurization ::   pasteurization or pasteurisation is a process that kills microbes ( mainly bacteria ) in food and drink , such as milk , juice , canned food , and others . 
Penicillin ::   penicillin ( pcn or pen ) is a group of antibiotics which include penicillin g ( intravenous use ) , penicillin v ( use by mouth ) , procaine penicillin , and benzathine penicillin ( intramuscular use ) . 
Physician ::   a physician , medical practitioner , medical doctor , or simply doctor is a professional who practises medicine , which is concerned with promoting , maintaining , or restoring health through the study , diagnosis , and treatment of disease , injury , and other physical and mental impairments . 
Proton ::   a proton is a subatomic particle , symbol or , with a positive electric charge of + 1"e " elementary charge and mass slightly less than that of a neutron . 
Phosphorus ::   phosphorus is a chemical element with symbol p and atomic number 15 . 
Palladium ::   palladium is a chemical element with symbol   pd and atomic number 46 . 
Promethium ::   promethium ( formerly " prometheum " ) is a chemical element with symbol pm and atomic number 61 . 
Protactinium ::   protactinium ( formerly " protoactinium " ) is a chemical element with symbol pa and atomic number 91 . 
Platinum ::   platinum is a chemical element with symbol pt and atomic number 78 . 
Polonium ::   polonium is a chemical element with symbol po and atomic number 84 . 
Pythonidae ::   the pythonidae , commonly known simply as pythons , from the greek word " python " ( πυθων ) , are a family of nonvenomous snakes found in africa , asia , and australia . 
Pennsylvania ::   pennsylvania ( pennsylvania german : " pennsylvaani " or " pennsilfaani " ) , officially the commonwealth of pennsylvania , is a state located in the northeastern and mid - atlantic regions of the united states . 
Palimpsest :: 
Pergamon ::   pergamon or or pergamum ( or ) was a rich and powerful ancient greek city in aeolis . 
Parsec ::   the parsec ( symbol : pc ) is a unit of length used to measure large distances to astronomical objects outside the solar system . 
Parchment ::   parchment is a writing material made from specially prepared untanned skins of animals— 
Phobia ::   a phobia is a type of anxiety disorder , defined by a persistent fear of an object or situation . 
Paganism ::   paganism is a term first used in the fourth century by early christianity for populations of the roman empire who practiced polytheism , either because they were increasingly rural and provincial relative to the christian population or because they were not " milites christi " ( soldiers of christ ) . 
P ::   p ( named " pee " ) is the 16th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Page ::   page most commonly refers to : page , pages or paging may also refer to : 
Post-communism ::   post - communism is the period of political and economic transformation or " transition " in former communist states located in parts of europe and asia , in which new governments aimed to create free market - oriented capitalist economies . 
Pytheas ::   pytheas of massalia ( ancient greek : πυθέας ὁ μασσαλιώτης " pythéas ho massaliōtes " ; latin : " pytheas massiliensis " ; fl . 
Polygonales ::   polygonales was an order of flowering plants recognized by several older systems such as the wettstein system , last revised in 1935 , the engler system , in its update of 1964 , and the cronquist system , 1981 . 
Polygonaceae ::   the polygonaceae are a family of flowering plants known informally as the knotweed family or smartweed — buckwheat family in the united states . 
Palau ::   palau ( , historically belau or pelew ) , officially the republic of palau ( ) , is an island country located in the western pacific ocean . 
Paraguay ::   paraguay (; ; , ) , officially the republic of paraguay (; ) , is a landlocked country in central south america , bordered by argentina to the south and southwest , brazil to the east and northeast , and bolivia to the northwest . 
Philippines ::   the philippines (; or " filipinas " ) , officially the republic of the philippines ( filipino : " republika ng pilipinas " ) , is a unitary sovereign state and island country in southeast asia . 
Polyhedron ::   in geometry , a polyhedron ( plural polyhedra or polyhedrons ) is a solid in three dimensions with flat polygonal faces , straight edges and sharp corners or vertices . 
Polytope ::   in elementary geometry , a polytope is a geometric object with " flat " sides . 
Paleomap ::   paleomaps are maps of continents and mountain ranges in the past based on plate reconstructions . 
Physicalism ::   in philosophy , physicalism is the ontological thesis that " everything is physical " , that there is " nothing over and above " the physical , or that everything supervenes on the physical . 
Prolog ::   prolog is a general - purpose logic programming language associated with artificial intelligence and computational linguistics . 
Potato ::   the potato is a starchy , tuberous crop from the perennial nightshade solanum tuberosum . 
Plymouth ::   plymouth ( ) is a city on the south coast of devon , england , about south - west of exeter and west - south - west of london . 
Pianist ::   a pianist ( , ) is an individual musician who plays the piano . 
Proverb ::   a proverb ( from ) is a simple and concrete saying , popularly known and repeated , that expresses a truth based on common sense or experience . 
Percopsiformes ::   the percopsiformes are a small order of ray - finned fishes , comprising the trout - perch and its allies . 
Photon ::   a photon is a type of elementary particle , the quantum of the electromagnetic field including electromagnetic radiation such as light , and the force carrier for the electromagnetic force ( even when static via virtual particles ) . 
Philips ::   koninklijke philips n.v. ( koninklijke philips n.v. of the netherland , philips ) , ( stylized as philips ) is a dutch technology company headquartered in amsterdam with primary divisions focused in the areas of electronics , healthcare and lighting . 
Perciformes ::   perciformes , also called the percomorpha or acanthopteri , are the most numerous order of vertebrates , containing about 41% of all bony fish . 
Asimina ::   asimina is a genus of small trees or shrubs described as a genus in 1763 . 
Pentecostalism ::   pentecostalism or classical pentecostalism is a renewal movement within protestant christianity that places special emphasis on a direct personal experience of god through the baptism with the holy spirit . 
Pangenesis ::   pangenesis was charles darwin 's hypothetical mechanism for heredity . 
Proboscidea ::   the proboscidea ( from the greek and the latin " proboscis " ) are a taxonomic order of afrotherian mammals containing one living family , elephantidae , and several extinct families . 
Paranthropus ::   paranthropus ( from greek παρα , " para " " beside " ; άνθρωπος , " ánthropos " " human " ) is a genus of extinct hominins . 
Psyche ::   psyche ( psyché in french ) is the greek term for " soul " or " spirit " ( ψυχή ) . 
Parmenides ::   parmenides of elea (; ; fl . late sixth or early fifth century bc ) was a pre - socratic greek philosopher from elea in magna graecia ( greater greece , included southern italy ) . 
Tetraodontidae ::   the tetraodontidae are a family of primarily marine and estuarine fish of the order tetraodontiformes . 
Paleogene ::   the paleogene ( or ; also spelled palaeogene or palæogene ; informally lower tertiary ) is a geologic period and system that spans 43 million years from the end of the cretaceous period million years ago ( mya ) to the beginning of the neogene period mya . 
Preorder ::   in mathematics , especially in order theory , a preorder or quasiorder is a binary relation that is reflexive and transitive . 
Psychoanalysis ::   psychoanalysis is a set of theories and therapeutic techniques related to the study of the unconscious mind , which together form a method of treatment for mental - health disorders . 
Pinyin ::   pinyin , or hànyǔ pīnyīn , is the official romanization system for standard chinese in mainland china and taiwan . 
Pantheism ::   pantheism is the belief that all reality is identical with divinity , or that everything composes an all - encompassing , immanent god . 
Panentheism ::   panentheism ( from the ancient greek expression πᾶν ἐν θεῷ , " pān en theṓ " , literally “ all in god ” ) is the belief that the divine pervades and interpenetrates every part of the universe and also extends beyond time and space . 
Paraphilia ::   paraphilia ( previously known as sexual perversion and sexual deviation ) is the experience of intense sexual arousal to atypical objects , situations , fantasies , behaviors , or individuals . 
Pediatrics ::   pediatrics ( also spelled paediatrics or pædiatrics ) is the branch of medicine that involves the medical care of infants , children , and adolescents . 
Physiology ::   physiology (; ) is the scientific study of normal mechanisms , and their interactions , which works within a living system . 
Pi ::   the number ( ) is a mathematical constant . 
Postmodernism ::   postmodernism describes a broad movement that developed in the mid- to late 20th century across philosophy , the arts , architecture and criticism which marked a departure from modernism . 
Photography ::   photography is the science , art , application and practice of creating durable images by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation , either electronically by means of an image sensor , or chemically by means of a light - sensitive material such as photographic film . 
Pump ::   a pump is a device that moves fluids ( liquids or gases ) , or sometimes slurries , by mechanical action . 
Pressure ::   pressure ( symbol : " p " or " p " ) is the force applied perpendicular to the surface of an object per unit area over which that force is distributed . 
Polygon ::   in elementary geometry , a polygon ( ) is a plane figure that is bounded by a finite chain of straight line segments closing in a loop to form a closed polygonal chain or " circuit " . 
Parish ::   a parish is a church territorial entity constituting a division within a diocese . 
Procopius ::   procopius of caesarea ( " prokopios ho kaisareus " , ; 500 – 554 ad ) was a prominent late antique scholar from palaestina prima . 
Property ::   in the abstract , property is that which belongs to or with something , whether as an attribute or as a component of said thing . 
Police ::   a police force is a constituted body of persons empowered by the state to enforce the law , protect property , and limit civil disorder . 
PDP-10 ::   the pdp-10 is a discontinued mainframe computer family manufactured by digital equipment corporation ( dec ) from 1966 into the 1980s . 
DECSYSTEM-20 ::   the decsystem-20 was a 36-bit digital equipment corporation pdp-10 mainframe computer running the tops-20 operating system ( products introduced in 1977 ) . 
Protein ::   proteins ( or ) are large biomolecules , or macromolecules , consisting of one or more long chains of amino acid residues . 
Perimeter ::   a perimeter is a path that surrounds a two - dimensional shape . 
Gasoline ::   gasoline or gas for short ( american english ) , or petrol ( british english ) , is a transparent , petroleum - derived liquid that is used primarily as a fuel in internal combustion engines . 
Pentose ::   a pentose is a monosaccharide with five carbon atoms . 
Propane ::   propane ( ) is a three - carbon alkane with the molecular formula ch . 
Precambrian ::   the precambrian ( or pre - cambrian , sometimes abbreviated pє , or cryptozoic ) is the earliest part of earth 's history , set before the current phanerozoic eon . 
Polymerase ::   a polymerase is an enzyme ( ec 2.7.7.6/7/19/48/49 ) that synthesizes long chains or polymers of nucleic acids . 
Purine ::   a purine is a heterocyclic aromatic organic compound that consists of a pyrimidine ring fused to an imidazole ring . 
Pyrimidine ::   pyrimidine is an aromatic heterocyclic organic compound similar to pyridine . 
Phutball ::   phutball ( short for philosopher 's football ) is a two - player strategy board game described in elwyn berlekamp , john horton conway , and richard k. guy 's " winning ways for your mathematical plays " . 
Papyrus ::   papyrus is a material similar to thick paper that was used in ancient times as writing surface . 
Pixel ::   in digital imaging , a pixel , pel , dots , or picture element is a physical point in a raster image , or the smallest addressable element in an all points addressable display device ; so it is the smallest controllable element of a picture represented on the screen . 
Parthenon ::   the parthenon (; ; , " parthenónas " ) is a former temple , on the athenian acropolis , greece , dedicated to the goddess athena , whom the people of athens considered their patron . 
Panspermia ::   panspermia ( ) is the hypothesis that life exists throughout the universe , distributed by meteoroids , asteroids , comets , planetoids , and also by spacecraft in the form of unintended contamination by microorganisms . 
Philately ::   philately ( ) is the study of stamps and postal history and other related items . 
Perjury ::   perjury is the intentional act of swearing a false oath or falsifying an affirmation to tell the truth , whether spoken or in writing , concerning matters material to an official proceeding . 
Phoenix ::   phoenix most often refers to : phoenix may also refer to : lists individual vessels 
Phosphate ::   a phosphate ( ) is an inorganic chemical and a salt - forming anion of phosphoric acid . 
Pyramid ::   a pyramid ( from " ") is a structure whose outer surfaces are triangular and converge to a single point at the top , making the shape roughly a pyramid in the geometric sense . 
Predestination ::   predestination , in theology , is the doctrine that all events have been willed by god , usually with reference to the eventual fate of the individual soul . 
Priest ::   a priest or priestess ( feminine ) ( from greek πρεσβύτερος " presbýteros " through latin " presbyter " , " elder " , or from old high german " priast " , " prest " , from vulgar latin " provost " " one put over others " , from latin " praepositus " " person placed in charge " ) , is a religious leader authorized to perform the sacred rituals of a religion , especially as a mediatory agent between humans and one or more deities . 
PL/I ::   pl / i ( programming language one , pronounced ) is a procedural , imperative computer programming language designed for scientific , engineering , business and system programming uses . 
Punctuation ::   punctuation ( formerly sometimes called pointing ) is the use of spacing , conventional signs , and certain typographical devices as aids to the understanding and the correct reading , both silently and aloud , of handwritten and printed texts . 
Pentomino ::   a pentomino ( or 5-omino ) is a polyomino of order 5 , that is , a polygon in the plane made of 5 equal - sized squares connected edge - to - edge . 
Programmer ::   a programmer , computer programmer , developer , dev , coder , or software engineer is a person who creates computer software . 
Poznań ::   poznań (; , known also by other historical names ) is a city on the warta river in west - central poland , in the greater poland region . 
Pixies ::   the pixies are an american alternative rock band formed in 1986 in boston , massachusetts . 
Psychophysiology ::   psychophysiology ( from greek , " psȳkhē " , " breath , life , soul " ; , " physis " , " nature , origin " ; and , " -logia " ) is the branch of psychology that is concerned with the physiological bases of psychological processes . 
Periodization ::   periodization is the process or study of categorizing the past into discrete , quantified named blocks of time in order to facilitate the study and analysis of history . 
Petrarch ::   francesco petrarca (; july 20 , 1304 – july 19 , 1374 ) , commonly anglicized as petrarch ( ) , was an italian scholar and poet in renaissance italy , who was one of the earliest humanists . 
Propeller ::   a propeller is a type of fan that transmits power by converting rotational motion into thrust . 
Toxin ::   a toxin ( from ) is a poisonous substance produced within living cells or organisms ; synthetic toxicants created by artificial processes are thus excluded . 
Phanerozoic ::   the phanerozoic eon ( british english phanærozoic ) is the current geologic eon in the geologic time scale , and the one during which abundant animal and plant life has existed . 
Pokémon ::   the franchise began as a pair of video games for the original game boy that were developed by game freak and published by nintendo . 
Peroxide ::   a peroxide is a compound containing an oxygen – oxygen single bond or the peroxide anion , . 
Photolithography ::   photolithography , also termed optical lithography or uv lithography , is a process used in microfabrication to pattern parts of a thin film or the bulk of a substrate . 
Platypus ::   the platypus ( " ornithorhynchus anatinus " ) , sometimes referred to as the duck - billed platypus , is a semiaquatic egg - laying mammal endemic to eastern australia , including tasmania . 
Paramagnetism ::   paramagnetism is a form of magnetism whereby certain materials are weakly attracted by an externally applied magnetic field , and form internal , induced magnetic fields in the direction of the applied magnetic field . 
Parapsychology ::   parapsychology is a field of study concerned with the investigation of paranormal and psychic phenomena which include telepathy , precognition , clairvoyance , psychokinesis , near - death experiences , reincarnation , apparitional experiences , and other paranormal claims . 
Pilgrimage ::   a pilgrimage is a journey or search of moral or spiritual significance . 
Pluot ::   pluots , apriums , apriplums , or plumcots , are some of the hybrids between different " prunus " species that are also called interspecific plums . 
Paint ::   paint is any liquid , liquefiable , or mastic composition that , after application to a substrate in a thin layer , converts to a solid film . 
Photoresist ::   a photoresist is a light - sensitive material used in several processes , such as photolithography and photoengraving , to form a patterned coating on a surface , which is crucial in the whole electronic industry . 
Phrenology ::   phrenology ( ) is a pseudomedicine primarily focused on measurements of the human skull , based on the concept that the brain is the organ of the mind , and that certain brain areas have localized , specific functions or modules . 
Patanjali ::   amongst the more important authors called patañjali are : 
Princetown ::   princetown is a village in the dartmoor national park in the english county of devon . 
PostgreSQL ::   postgresql , often simply postgres , is an object - relational database management system ( ordbms ) with an emphasis on extensibility and standards compliance . 
Plutino ::   in astronomy , a plutino is a trans - neptunian object in 2:3 mean - motion resonance with neptune . 
Prague ::   prague (; , ) is the capital and largest city in the czech republic , the 14th largest city in the european union and also the historical capital of bohemia . 
Pyridine ::   pyridine is a basic heterocyclic organic compound with the chemical formula chn . 
Phenols ::   in organic chemistry , phenols , sometimes called phenolics , are a class of chemical compounds consisting of a hydroxyl group ( —oh ) bonded directly to an aromatic hydrocarbon group . 
Pompey ::   gnaeus pompeius magnus (; 29 september 106 bc   – 28 september 48   bc ) , usually known in english as pompey or pompey the great , was a military and political leader of the late roman republic . 
Pasta ::   pasta ( ) is a staple food of traditional italian cuisine , with the first reference dating to 1154 in sicily . 
Polymerization ::   in polymer chemistry , polymerization is a process of reacting monomer molecules together in a chemical reaction to form polymer chains or three - dimensional networks . 
Penguin ::   penguins ( order sphenisciformes , family spheniscidae ) are a group of aquatic , flightless birds . 
Pilsner ::   pilsner ( also pilsener or simply pils ) is a type of pale lager . 
Poltergeist ::   in folklore and parapsychology , 
Pulley ::   a pulley is a wheel on an axle or shaft that is designed to support movement and change of direction of a taut cable . 
Peterborough ::   peterborough ( ) is a cathedral city in cambridgeshire , england , with a population of 183,631 in 2011 . 
Polyphemus ::   polyphemus (; " polyphēmos " ) is the giant son of poseidon and thoosa in greek mythology , one of the cyclopes described in homer 's " odyssey " . 
Prismatoid ::   in geometry , a prismatoid is a polyhedron whose vertices all lie in two parallel planes . 
PHP-Nuke ::   php - nuke is a web - based automated news publishing and content management system based on php and mysql originally written by francisco burzi . 
Palace ::   a palace is a grand residence , especially a royal residence , or the home of a head of state or some other high - ranking dignitary , such as a bishop or archbishop . 
Perl ::   perl is a family of high - level , general - purpose , interpreted , dynamic programming languages . 
Palestine ::   palestine usually refers to : palestine may also refer to : 
Phylogenetics ::   in biology , phylogenetics ( greek : φυλή , φῦλον - " phylé " , " phylon " = tribe , clan , race + γενετικός - " genetikós " = origin , source , birth ) is the study of the evolutionary history and relationships among individuals or groups of organisms ( e.g. species , or populations ) . 
Phenetics ::   in biology , phenetics ( - to appear ) , also known as taximetrics , is an attempt to classify organisms based on overall similarity , usually in morphology or other observable traits , regardless of their phylogeny or evolutionary relation . 
PDP-1 ::   the pdp-1 ( " programmed data processor-1 " ) is the first computer in digital equipment corporation 's pdp series and was first produced in 1959 . 
Pilus ::   a pilus ( latin for ' hair ' ; plural : " pili " ) is a hair - like appendage found on the surface of many bacteria . 
Plasmid ::   a plasmid is a small dna molecule within a cell that is physically separated from a chromosomal dna and can replicate independently . 
Parallelepiped ::   in geometry , a parallelepiped is a three - dimensional figure formed by six parallelograms ( the term rhomboid is also sometimes used with this meaning ) . 
Polysaccharide ::   polysaccharides are polymeric carbohydrate molecules composed of long chains of monosaccharide units bound together by glycosidic linkages and on hydrolysis give the constituent monosaccharides or oligosaccharides . 
Ptolemy ::   claudius ptolemy (; , " klaúdios ptolemaîos " ; ; ) was a greco - roman mathematician , astronomer , geographer , astrologer , and poet of a single epigram in the greek anthology . 
Petabyte ::   the petabyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
Pyxis ::   pyxis (; latin for a small medicinal box ) is a small and faint constellation in the southern sky . 
Pegasus ::   pegasus ( , " pḗgasos " ; ) is one of the best known creatures in greek mythology . 
Puppis ::   puppis is a constellation in the southern sky . 
Party ::   a party is a gathering of people who have been invited by a host for the purposes of socializing , conversation , recreation , or as part of a festival or other commemoration of a special occasion . 
Pearl ::   a pearl is a hard object produced within the soft tissue ( specifically the mantle ) of a living shelled mollusk or another animal , such as a conulariid . 
Polygyny ::   polygyny (; from neoclassical greek πολυγυνία from - " poly- " " many " , and " gyne " " woman " or " wife " ) is the most common and accepted form of polygamy , entailing the marriage of a man with several women . 
Proteome ::   the proteome is the entire set of proteins expressed by a genome , cell , tissue , or organism at a certain time . 
Peptide ::   peptides ( from gr . : 
Pavane ::   the pavane , pavan , paven , pavin , pavian , pavine , or pavyn ( it . " pavana " , " padovana " ; ger . " paduana " ) is a slow processional dance common in europe during the 16th century ( renaissance ) . 
Peroxisome ::   a peroxisome is a type of organelle known as a microbody , found in virtually all eukaryotic cells . 
PostScript ::   postscript ( ps ) is a page description language in the electronic publishing and desktop publishing business . 
Phenol ::   phenol , also known as carbolic acid , is an aromatic organic compound with the molecular formula choh . 
Protagoras ::   protagoras (; ; c. 490 – c. 420 bc ) was a pre - socratic greek philosopher and is numbered as one of the sophists by plato . 
Puritans ::   the puritans were a group of english reformed protestants in the 16th and 17th centuries who sought to " purify " the church of england from its " catholic " practices , maintaining that the church of england was only partially reformed . 
Plough ::   a plough ( uk ) or plow ( us ; both ) is a tool or farm implement used in farming for initial cultivation of soil in preparation for sowing seed or planting to loosen or turn the soil . 
Peer-to-peer ::   peer - to - peer ( p2p ) computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or workloads between peers . 
President ::   the president is a common title for the head of state in most republics . 
PHP ::   php is a server - side scripting language designed primarily for web development but also used as a general - purpose programming language . 
Priam ::   in greek mythology , priam (; , " príamos " , ) was the king of troy during the trojan war and youngest son of laomedon . 
Perestroika ::   perestroika ( ) was a political movement for reformation within the communist party of the soviet union during the 1980s until 1991 widely associated with soviet leader mikhail gorbachev and his glasnost ( meaning " openness " ) policy reform . 
Polyphony ::   in music , polyphony is one type of musical texture , where a texture is , generally speaking , the way that melodic , rhythmic , and harmonic aspects of a musical composition are combined to shape the overall sound and quality of the work . 
Pun ::   the pun , also called paronomasia , is a form of wordplay that exploits multiple meanings of a term , or of similar - sounding words , for an intended humorous or rhetorical effect . 
Palindrome ::   a palindrome is a word , phrase , number , or other sequence of characters which reads the same backward as forward , such as " madam " or " racecar " . 
Flatworm ::   the flatworms , flat worms , platyhelminthes , plathelminthes , or platyhelminths ( from the greek πλατύ , " platy " , meaning " flat " and ἕλμινς ( root : ἑλμινθ- ) , " helminth- " , meaning " worm " ) are a phylum of relatively simple bilaterian , unsegmented , soft - bodied invertebrates . 
Plautus ::   titus maccius plautus ( c. 254 – 184 bc ) , commonly known as plautus , was a roman playwright of the old latin period . 
Preterism ::   preterism is a christian eschatological view that interprets some ( partial preterism ) or all ( full preterism ) prophecies of the bible as events which have already happened . 
Pseudocode ::   pseudocode is an informal high - level description of the operating principle of a computer program or other algorithm . 
Pre-existence ::   pre - existence , preexistence , beforelife , or premortal existence refers to the belief that each individual human soul existed before mortal conception , and at some point before birth enters or is placed into the body . 
Psalms ::   the book of psalms ( or , " tehillim " , " praises " ) , commonly referred to simply as psalms or " the psalms " , is the first book of the " ketuvim " ( " writings " ) , the third section of the hebrew bible , and a book of the christian old testament . 
Philistines ::   the philistines (; , " plištim " ) were an ancient people primarily known for their conflict with the israelites described in the bible . 
Portsmouth ::   portsmouth ( ) is a port city in hampshire , england , mainly on portsea island , south - west of london and south - east of southampton . 
Parasailing ::   parasailing , also known as parascending or parakiting , is a recreational kiting activity where a person is towed behind a vehicle ( usually a boat ) while attached to a specially designed canopy wing that reminds one of a parachute , known as a parasail wing . 
Profanity ::   profanity is socially offensive language , which may also be called bad language , strong language , offensive language , crude language , coarse language , foul language , bad words , blasphemous language , vulgar language , lewd language , choice words or expletives . 
Parma ::   parma ( ) is a city in the northern italian region of emilia - romagna famous for its prosciutto ( ham ) , cheese , architecture , music and surrounding countryside . 
Protoscience :: 
Pickelhaube ::   the pickelhaube ( plural " pickelhauben " ; from the german " pickel " , " point " or " pickaxe " , and " haube " , " bonnet " , a general word for " headgear " ) , also pickelhelm , was a spiked helmet worn in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries by german military , firefighters , and police . 
Pankration ::   pankration ( or ) ( greek : παγκράτιον ) was a sporting event introduced into the greek olympic games in 648 bc and was an empty - hand submission sport with scarcely any rules . 
Persephone ::   in greek mythology , persephone ( , ; ) , also called kore (; " the maiden " ) or cora , is the daughter of zeus and the harvest goddess demeter and is the queen of the underworld . 
Pandemic ::   a pandemic ( from greek πᾶν " pan " " all " and δῆμος " demos " " people " ) is an epidemic of infectious disease that has spread through human populations across a large region ; for instance multiple continents , or even worldwide . 
Phoniatrics ::   phoniatrics or phoniatry is the study and treatment of organs involved in speech production , mainly the mouth , throat ( larynx ) , vocal cords , and lungs . 
Pomerania ::   pomerania (; german and swedish : " pommern " ; kashubian : " pòmòrskô " ) is a region on the southern shore of the baltic sea in central europe , split between germany and poland . 
Panga ::   panga is the common south african name for pterogymnus laniarius , a small , ocean - dwelling fish , native to the southeast atlantic ocean and southwest indian ocean . 
Pawnbroker ::   a pawnbroker is an individual or business ( pawnshop or pawn shop ) that offers secured loans to people , with items of personal property used as collateral . 
Pear ::   the pear is any of several tree and shrub species of genus pyrus , in the family rosaceae . 
PowerPC ::   powerpc ( a backronym for performance optimization with enhanced risc – performance computing , sometimes abbreviated as ppc ) is a reduced instruction set computer instruction set architecture created by the 1991 apple – ibm – motorola alliance , known as " aim " . 
Pandora ::   in greek mythology , pandora ( greek : , derived from , " pān " , i.e. " all " and , " dōron " , i.e. " gift " , thus " the all - endowed " , " the all - gifted " or " the all - giving " ) was the first human woman created by the gods , specifically by hephaestus and athena on the instructions of zeus . 
Password ::   a password is a word or string of characters used for user authentication to prove identity or access approval to gain access to a resource ( example : an access code is a type of password ) , which is to be kept secret from those not allowed access . 
Pellucidar ::   pellucidar is a fictional hollow earth invented by american writer edgar rice burroughs for a series of action adventure stories . 
Porcupinefish ::   porcupinefish are fish belonging to the family diodontidae ( order tetraodontiformes ) , also commonly called blowfish and , sometimes , balloonfish and globefish . 
Pharmacology ::   pharmacology is the branch of biology concerned with the study of drug action , where a drug can be broadly defined as any man - made , natural , or endogenous ( from within body ) molecule which exerts a biochemical or physiological effect on the cell , tissue , organ , or organism ( sometimes the word pharmacon is used as a term to encompass these endogenous and exogenous bioactive species ) . 
Perth ::   perth ( ) is the capital and largest city of the australian state of western australia . 
PDP-8 ::   the pdp-8 was a 12-bit minicomputer produced by digital equipment corporation ( dec ) . 
Porsche ::   dr. ing . 
Pain ::   pain is a distressing feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimuli . 
Pribislav-Henry ::   pribislav - henry (; d. 1150 ) was a slavic christian prince and the last ruler of the hevelli ( stodorani ) tribe in the northern march of brandenburg . 
Paradox ::   a paradox is a statement that , despite apparently sound reasoning from true premises , leads to an apparently self - contradictory or logically unacceptable conclusion . 
Parousia ::   parousia (; ) is an ancient greek word meaning presence , arrival , or official visit . 
PDP-11 ::   the pdp-11 is a series of 16-bit minicomputers sold by digital equipment corporation ( dec ) from 1970 into the 1990s , one of a succession of products in the pdp series . 
Presbyterianism ::   presbyterianism is a part of the reformed tradition within protestantism which traces its origins to the british isles , particularly scotland . 
Parliament ::   in modern politics and history , a parliament is a legislative , elected body of government . 
Philippi ::   philippi (; , " philippoi " ) was a city in eastern macedonia , in the edonis region . 
PAL ::   phase alternating line ( pal ) is a colour encoding system for analogue television used in broadcast television systems in most countries broadcasting at 625-line / 50 field ( 25 frame ) per second ( 576i ) . 
Polo ::   polo ( persian : چوگان " chogān " ) is a team sport played on horseback . 
Paraphyly ::   in taxonomy , a group is paraphyletic if it consists of the group 's last common ancestor and all descendants of that ancestor excluding a few — typically only one or two — monophyletic subgroups . 
Profession ::   a profession is a vocation founded upon specialized educational training , the purpose of which is to supply disinterested objective counsel and service to others , for a direct and definite compensation , wholly apart from expectation of other business gain . 
Phonograph ::   the phonograph is a device , invented in 1877 , for the mechanical recording and reproduction of sound . 
Polyandry ::   polyandry (; from " poly- " , " many " and ἀνήρ " anēr " , " man " ) is a form of polygamy in which a woman takes two or more husbands at the same time . 
Polygamy ::   polygamy ( from late greek , " polygamía " , " state of marriage to many spouses " ) is the practice of marrying multiple spouses . 
Postscript ::   a postscript ( p.s. ) is an afterthought , thought of occurring after the letter has been written and signed . 
Penectomy ::   penectomy is penis removal through surgery , generally for medical or personal reasons . 
Provirus ::   a provirus is a virus genome that is integrated into the dna of a host cell . 
Parade ::   a parade ( also called march or marchpast ) is a procession of people , usually organized along a street , often in costume , and often accompanied by marching bands , floats or sometimes large balloons . 
Pāramitā ::   pāramitā ( sanskrit , pali ) or pāramī ( pāli ) is " perfection " or " completeness " . 
Prakrit ::   the prakrits ( " " , , ) are any of several middle indo - aryan languages . 
Phospholipid ::   phospholipids are a class of lipids that are a major component of all cell membranes . 
Pencil ::   a pencil is a writing implement or art medium constructed of a narrow , solid pigment core inside a protective casing which prevents the core from being broken and/or from leaving marks on the user ’s hand during use . 
Psychosis ::   psychosis is an abnormal condition of the mind that involves a loss of contact with reality . 
Paranoia ::   paranoia is an instinct or thought process believed to be heavily influenced by anxiety or fear , often to the point of delusion and irrationality . 
Polybius ::   polybius (; , " polýbios " ;   –   bc ) was a greek historian of the hellenistic period noted for his work , which covered the period of 264–146 bc in detail . 
Plutarch ::   plutarch (; , " ploútarkhos " , ; c. ad 46 – ad 120 ) , later named , upon becoming a roman citizen , lucius mestrius plutarchus , ( ) was a greek biographer and essayist , known primarily for his " parallel lives " and " moralia " . 
PH ::   in chemistry , ph ( ) ( potential of hydrogen ) is a numeric scale used to specify the acidity or basicity of an aqueous solution . 
Pastel ::   a pastel ( ; ) is an art medium in the form of a stick , consisting of pure powdered pigment and a binder . 
Phenotype ::   a phenotype ( ) is the composite of an organism 's observable characteristics or traits , such as its morphology , development , biochemical or physiological properties , behavior , and products of behavior ( such as a bird 's nest ) . 
Photosynthesis ::   photosynthesis is a process used by plants and other organisms to convert light energy into chemical energy that can later be released to fuel the organisms ' activities ( energy transformation ) . 
Patriotism ::   patriotism is an attachment to a homeland . 
Plutocracy ::   plutocracy ( , ' , ' wealth ' + , ' , ' rule ' ) or plutarchy , is a form of oligarchy and defines a society ruled or controlled by the small minority of the wealthiest citizens . 
Prefix ::   a prefix is an affix which is placed before the stem of a word . 
Palaeography ::   palaeography ( uk ) or paleography ( us ; ultimately from , " palaiós " , " old " , and , " graphein " , " to write " ) is the study of ancient and historical handwriting ( that is to say , of the forms and processes of writing , not the textual content of documents ) . 
Pollutant ::   a pollutant is a substance or energy introduced into the environment that has undesired effects , or adversely affects the usefulness of a resource . 
Pepsi ::   pepsi is a carbonated soft drink produced and manufactured by pepsico . 
Pub ::   a pub , or public house , is an establishment licensed to sell alcoholic drinks , which traditionally include beer ( such as ale ) and cider . 
PKD ::   pkd may stand for : 
Polyamory ::   polyamory ( from greek ' , " many , several " , and latin ' , " love " ) is the practice of or desire for intimate relationships with more than one partner , with the knowledge of all partners . 
Proteolysis ::   proteolysis is the breakdown of proteins into smaller polypeptides or amino acids . 
Proteasome ::   proteasomes are protein complexes which degrade unneeded or damaged proteins by proteolysis , a chemical reaction that breaks peptide bonds . 
Pantoum ::   the pantoum is a poetic form derived from the pantun , a malay verse form : specifically from the " pantun berkait " , a series of interwoven quatrains . 
Pottery ::   pottery is the ceramic material which makes up potterywares , of which major types include earthenware , stoneware and porcelain . 
Phospholipase ::   a phospholipase is an enzyme that hydrolyzes phospholipids into fatty acids and other lipophilic substances . 
Picts ::   the picts were a tribal confederation of peoples who lived in what is today eastern and northern scotland during the late iron age and early medieval periods . 
Pisa ::   pisa (; ) is a city in the tuscany region of central italy straddling the arno just before it empties into the ligurian sea . 
Plea ::   in legal terms , a plea is simply an answer to a claim made by someone in a criminal case under common law using the adversarial system . 
Pantograph ::   a pantograph ( greek roots παντ- " all , every " and γραφ- " to write " , from their original use for copying writing ) is a mechanical linkage connected in a manner based on parallelograms so that the movement of one pen , in tracing an image , produces identical movements in a second pen . 
Privatization ::   privatization ( also spelt privatisation ) is the purchase of all outstanding shares of a publicly traded company by private investors . 
P-group ::   in mathematical group theory , given a prime number " p " , a " p "- group is a group in which each element has a power of " p " as its order . 
Pasiphaë ::   in greek mythology , pasiphaë (; " pasipháē " , " wide - shining " derived from " pas " " all , for all , of all " and " phaos " " light " ) was a queen of crete . 
Plaintiff ::   a plaintiff ( π in legal shorthand ) is the party who initiates a lawsuit ( also known as an " action " ) before a court . 
Peace ::   peace is a certain quality of existence which has been sought after , yet seldom found in a long enduring form , since time immemorial . 
Pyrenees ::   the pyrenees (; , , , , , ) is a range of mountains in southwest europe that forms a natural border between france and spain . 
Precession ::   precession is a change in the orientation of the rotational axis of a rotating body . 
Punjab ::   the punjab ( , , , ) , also spelled panjab ( " land of " five rivers " " ; punjabi : ) , is a geographical and cultural region in the northern part of the indian subcontinent , comprising areas of eastern pakistan and northern india . 
Pan-Slavism ::   pan - slavism , a movement which crystallized in the mid-19th century , is the political ideology concerned with the advancement of integrity and unity for the slavic peoples . 
Pan-Germanism ::   pan - germanism or pan - germanicism (; see also pan - germanicism ) is a pan - nationalist political idea . 
Positron ::   the positron or antielectron is the antiparticle or the antimatter counterpart of the electron . 
Phencyclidine ::   phencyclidine ( pcp ) , also known as angel dust among other names , is a dissociative drug . 
PCHP ::   1-(1-phenylcyclohexyl)-4-hydroxypiperidine ( pchp ) is a metabolite of phencyclidine ( pcp ) . 
PCAA ::   pcaa , or 5-[n-(1-phenylcyclohexyl)]-aminopentanoic acid , is a metabolite of phencyclidine ( pcp ) . 
Piperidine ::   piperidine is an organic compound with the molecular formula ( ch)nh . 
Pessimism ::   pessimism is a mental attitude . 
PCX ::   pcx , standing for " picture exchange " , is an image file format developed by the now - defunct zsoft corporation of marietta , georgia , united states . 
Politburo ::   a politburo or political bureau is the executive committee for communist parties . 
Proteus ::   in greek mythology , proteus (; ancient greek : πρωτεύς ) is an early sea - god or god of rivers and oceanic bodies of water , one of several deities whom homer calls the " old man of the sea " . 
TP53 ::   tumor protein p53 , also known as p53 , cellular tumor antigen p53 ( uniprot name ) , phosphoprotein p53 , tumor suppressor p53 , antigen ny - co-13 , or transformation - related protein 53 ( trp53 ) , is any isoform of a protein encoded by homologous genes in various organisms , such as " tp53 " ( humans ) and " trp53 " ( mice ) . 
Pizza ::   pizza is a yeasted flatbread typically topped with tomato sauce and cheese and baked in an oven . 
Piston ::   a piston is a component of reciprocating engines , reciprocating pumps , gas compressors and pneumatic cylinders , among other similar mechanisms . 
Pente ::   pente is a strategy board game for two or more players , created in 1977 by gary gabrel , a dishwasher at hideaway pizza , in stillwater , oklahoma . 
Pompatus ::   pompatus , is a nonsense word coined by steve miller and most famously used in his 1973 hit single " the joker " . 
POTS ::   pots most commonly refers to pottery , the ceramic ware made by potters pots or pots may also refer to : 
Proclus ::   proclus lycaeus (; 8 february 412   – 17 april 485 ad ) , called the successor ( greek , " próklos ho diádokhos " ) , was a greek neoplatonist philosopher , one of the last major classical philosophers ( see damascius ) . 
Prophet ::   in religion , a prophet is an individual who has been contacted by a divine being in order to speak on the entity 's behalf , serving as an intermediary with humanity by delivering messages or teachings from the supernatural source to other people . 
Pleading ::   in law as practiced in countries that follow the english models , a pleading is a formal written statement of a party 's claims or defenses to another party 's claims in a civil action . 
Proto-Indo-Europeans ::   the proto - indo - europeans were the prehistoric people of eurasia who spoke proto - indo - european ( pie ) , the ancestor of the indo - european languages according to linguistic reconstruction . 
Pterodactylus ::   pterodactylus ( , from the greek πτεροδάκτυλος , " pterodaktulos , " meaning " winged finger " ) is an extinct flying reptile genus of pterosaurs , whose members are popularly known as pterodactyls ( ) . 
Pterosaur ::   pterosaurs (; from the greek " πτερόσαυρος " , " pterosauros " , meaning " winged lizard " ) were flying reptiles of the extinct clade or order pterosauria . 
Pteranodon ::   pteranodon (; from greek πτερόν ( pteron , " wing " ) and ἀνόδων ( anodon , " toothless " ) is a genus of pterosaurs which included some of the largest known flying reptiles , with wingspans over . 
Pinochle ::   pinochle ( ) or binocle ( sometimes pinocle , or penuchle ) is a trick - taking card game typically for two to four players and played with a 48-card deck . 
Peptidoglycan ::   peptidoglycan , also known as murein , is a polymer consisting of sugars and amino acids that forms a mesh - like layer outside the plasma membrane of most bacteria , forming the cell wall . 
PDE ::   the initials pde can stand for : 
Prohibition ::   prohibition is the illegality of the manufacturing , storage in barrels or bottles , transportation , sale , possession , and consumption of alcohol including alcoholic beverages , or a period of time during which such illegality was enforced . 
Phenothiazine ::   phenothiazine , abbreviated ptz , is an organic compound that has the formula s(ch)nh and is related to the thiazine - class of heterocyclic compounds . 
Preservative ::   a preservative is a substance or a chemical that is added to products such as food , beverages , pharmaceutical drugs , paints , biological samples , cosmetics , wood , and many other products to prevent decomposition by microbial growth or by undesirable chemical changes . 
Proteobacteria ::   " proteobacteria " is a major phylum of gram - negative bacteria . 
Pollution ::   pollution is the introduction of contaminants into the natural environment that cause adverse change . 
Persuasion ::   persuasion is an umbrella term of influence . 
Post-structuralism ::   post - structuralism is associated with the works of a series of mid-20th - century french and continental philosophers and critical theorists who came to international prominence in the 1960s and 1970s . 
Playdia ::   the ( developed under the codename " ba - x " ) is a home video game console released exclusively in japan in 1994 at the initial price of ¥ 24,800 . 
Pidgin ::   a pidgin , or pidgin language , is a grammatically simplified means of communication that develops between two or more groups that do not have a language in common : typically , a mixture of simplified languages or a simplified primary language with other languages ' elements included . 
PC-FX ::   the is a 32-bit home video game console made by nec home electronics . 
Psychotherapy ::   psychotherapy is the use of psychological methods , particularly when based on regular personal interaction , to help a person change and overcome problems in desired ways . 
Polywater ::   polywater was a hypothesized polymerized form of water that was the subject of much scientific controversy during the late 1960s . 
Patrilineality ::   patrilineality , also known as the male line , the spear side or agnatic kinship , is a common kinship system in which an individual 's family membership derives from and is recorded through his or her father 's lineage . 
Pong ::   pong is one of the earliest arcade video games . 
Pelé ::   edson arantes do nascimento (; born 23 october 1940 ) , known as pelé ( ) , is a brazilian retired professional footballer who played as a forward . 
Polycarp ::   polycarp ( , " polýkarpos " ; ; ad 69 155 ) was a 2nd - century christian bishop of smyrna . 
Pacifism ::   pacifism is opposition to war , militarism , or violence . 
Proteinoid ::   proteinoids , or thermal proteins , are protein - like , often cross - linked molecules formed abiotically from amino acids . 
Phish ::   phish is an american rock band that was founded at the university of vermont in burlington , vermont in 1983 . 
PA-RISC ::   pa - risc is an instruction set architecture ( isa ) developed by hewlett - packard . 
Preacher ::   a preacher usually identifies a person who delivers sermons or homilies on religious topics to an assembly of people . 
Piezoelectricity ::   piezoelectricity is the electric charge that accumulates in certain solid materials ( such as crystals , certain ceramics , and biological matter such as bone , dna and various proteins ) in response to applied mechanical stress . 
Psychometrics ::   psychometrics is a field of study concerned with the theory and technique of psychological measurement . 
Pronoun ::   in linguistics and grammar , a pronoun ( abbreviated ) is a word that substitutes for a noun or noun phrase . 
Pelagianism ::   pelagianism is the belief that original sin did not taint human nature and that mortal will is still capable of choosing good or evil without special divine aid . 
Patripassianism ::   in christian theology , patripassianism ( as it is referred to in the western church ) or sabellianism in the eastern church ( also known as modalism , modalistic monarchianism , or modal monarchism ) is the nontrinitarian or anti - trinitarian belief that god the father , jesus christ , and the holy spirit are three different " modes " or " aspects " of one monadic god , as perceived by " the believer " , rather than three distinct persons within " the godhead " – that there are no real or substantial differences between the three , such that there is no substantial identity for the spirit or the son . 
Psilanthropism ::   psilanthropism is an approach to christology which understands jesus to be human , the literal son of human parents . 
Pretoria ::   pretoria is a city in the northern part of gauteng , south africa . 
Psychiatrist ::   a psychiatrist is a physician who specializes in psychiatry , the branch of medicine devoted to the diagnosis , prevention , study , and treatment of mental disorders . 
Procyon ::   procyon ( ; ) , also designated alpha canis minoris ( α canis minoris , abbreviated alpha cmi , α cmi ) , is the brightest star in the constellation of canis minor . 
Privacy ::   privacy is the ability of an individual or group to seclude themselves , or information about themselves , and thereby express themselves selectively . 
Plankton ::   plankton ( singular plankter ) are the diverse collection of organisms that live in large bodies of water and are unable to swim against a current . 
PackBits ::   packbits is a fast , simple lossless compression scheme for run - length encoding of data . 
Phonation ::   the term phonation has slightly different meanings depending on the subfield of phonetics . 
Prayer ::   prayer ( from the latin " precari " " to ask earnestly , beg , entreat " ) is an invocation or act that seeks to activate a rapport with an object of worship through deliberate communication . 
Preprocessing ::   preprocessing can refer to the following topics in computer science : 
Piedmont ::   piedmont ( ; , ; piedmontese , occitan and ; ) is a region in northwest italy , one of the 20 regions of the country . 
Posthumanism ::   posthumanism or post - humanism ( meaning " after humanism " or " beyond humanism " ) is a term with at least seven definitions according to philosopher francesca ferrando : philosopher ted schatzki suggests there are two varieties of posthumanism of the philosophical kind : one , which he calls ' objectivism ' , tries to counter the overemphasis of the subjective or intersubjective that pervades humanism , and emphasises the role of the nonhuman agents , whether they be animals and plants , or computers or other things . 
Parameter ::   a parameter ( from the ancient greek παρά , " para " : " beside " , " subsidiary " ; and μέτρον , " metron " : " measure " ) , generally , is any characteristic that can help in defining or classifying a particular system ( meaning an event , project , object , situation , etc . ) . 
Pet ::   a pet or companion animal is an animal kept primarily for a person 's company , protection , or entertainment rather than as a working animal , livestock , or laboratory animal . 
Photograph ::   a photograph or photo is an image created by light falling on a light - sensitive surface , usually photographic film or an electronic medium such as a ccd or a cmos chip . 
Pittsburgh ::   pittsburgh ( ) is a city in the commonwealth of pennsylvania in the united states , and is the county seat of allegheny county . 
Psychohistory ::   psychohistory is the study of the psychological motivations of historical events . 
Poliomyelitis ::   poliomyelitis , often called polio or infantile paralysis , is an infectious disease caused by the poliovirus . 
Poeciliidae ::   the poeciliidae are a family of freshwater fishes of the order cyprinodontiformes , the tooth - carps , and include well - known live - bearing aquarium fish , such as the guppy , molly , platy , and swordtail . 
Polymath ::   a polymath ( , " " , " having learned much " ) is a person whose expertise spans a significant number of different subject areas ; such a person is known to draw on complex bodies of knowledge to solve specific problems . 
PowerBook ::   the powerbook ( known as macintosh powerbook before 1997 ) is a family of macintosh laptop computers designed , manufactured and sold by apple computer , inc. from 1991 to 2006 . 
Padstow ::   padstow ( ) is a town , civil parish and fishing port on the north coast of cornwall , england , united kingdom . 
Perception ::   perception ( from the latin " perceptio " ) is the organization , identification , and interpretation of sensory information in order to represent and understand the presented information , or the environment . 
Pig ::   a pig is any of the animals in the genus sus , within the even - toed ungulate family suidae . 
Quartile ::   in descriptive statistics , the quartiles of a ranked set of data values are the three points that divide the data set into four equal groups , each group comprising a quarter of the data . 
Quark ::   a quark ( or ) is a type of elementary particle and a fundamental constituent of matter . 
Quantile :: 
Q ::   q ( named " cue " ) is the 17th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Quaternary ::   quaternary ( ) is the current and most recent of the three periods of the cenozoic era in the geologic time scale of the international commission on stratigraphy ( ics ) . 
Quotation ::   a quotation is the repetition of one expression as part of another one , particularly when the quoted expression is well - known or explicitly attributed by citation to its original source , and it is indicated by ( punctuated with ) quotation marks . 
Quilting ::   quilting is the process of sewing two or more layers of fabric together to make a thicker padded material , usually to create a quilt or quilted garment . 
QuakeC ::   quakec is an interpreted language developed in 1996 by john carmack of i d software to program parts of the video game " quake " . 
QWERTY ::   qwerty is a keyboard layout for latin - script alphabets . 
Qi ::   in traditional chinese culture , qi or ch'i ( , also known as khí in vietnamese culture , gi in korean culture , ki in japanese culture ) is believed to be a vital force forming part of any living thing . 
Quanta ::   quanta is the plural of quantum . 
Quasigroup ::   in mathematics , especially in abstract algebra , a quasigroup is an algebraic structure resembling a group in the sense that " division " is always possible . 
Quaestor ::   a ( , , ) was a public official in ancient rome . 
Q.E.D. ::   q.e.d. ( also written qed and " qed " ) is an initialism of the latin phrase meaning " what was to be demonstrated " or " what was to be shown . " 
Quagga ::   the quagga ( or ) ( " equus quagga quagga " ) is an extinct subspecies of plains zebra that lived in south africa until the 19th century . 
QuickTime ::   quicktime is an extensible multimedia framework developed by apple inc. , capable of handling various formats of digital video , picture , sound , panoramic images , and interactivity . 
Quartz ::   quartz is a mineral composed of silicon and oxygen atoms in a continuous framework of sio silicon – oxygen tetrahedra , with each oxygen being shared between two tetrahedra , giving an overall chemical formula of sio. quartz is the second most abundant mineral in earth 's continental crust , behind feldspar . 
Quadrivium ::   the quadrivium ( plural : quadrivia ) is the four subjects , or arts , taught after teaching the trivium . 
Quadrupedalism ::   quadrupedalism or pronograde posture is a form of terrestrial locomotion in animals using four limbs or legs . 
Quarantine ::   a quarantine is used to separate and restrict the movement of people ; it is a ' state of enforced isolation ' . 
Quasar ::   a quasar ( ) ( also quasi - stellar object or qso ) is an active galactic nucleus of very high luminosity . 
Quinquagesima ::   quinquagesima is one of the names used in the western church for the sunday before ash wednesday . 
Quassia ::   quassia ( or ) is a flora genus in the family simaroubaceae . 
Quisling ::   quisling (; ) is a term originating from norway , which is used in scandinavian languages and in english for a person who collaborates with an enemy occupying force – or more generally as a synonym for traitor . 
Quill ::   a quill pen is a writing implement made from a moulted flight feather ( preferably a primary wing - feather ) of a large bird . 
Qantas ::   qantas airways ( ; ) is the flag carrier of australia and its largest airline by fleet size , international flights and international destinations . 
Quatrain ::   a quatrain is a type of stanza , or a complete poem , consisting of four lines . 
Quarterback ::   a quarterback ( commonly abbreviated " qb " ) is a position in american and canadian football . 
Quadrilateral ::   in euclidean plane geometry , a quadrilateral is a polygon with four edges ( or sides ) and four vertices or corners . 
Qubit ::   in quantum computing , a qubit   ( )   or quantum bit   ( sometimes qbit ) is a unit of quantum information — the quantum analogue of the classical bit . 
Quango ::   a quango or quango ( less often quango or qango ) is a quasi - autonomous non - governmental organisation . 
Quiver ::   a quiver is a container for holding arrows , bolts , or darts . 
Quinine ::   quinine is a medication used to treat malaria and babesiosis . 
Quail ::   quail is a collective name for several genera of mid - sized birds generally placed in the order galliformes . 
Quetzalcoatlus ::   quetzalcoatlus northropi is an azhdarchid pterosaur known from the late cretaceous of north america ( maastrichtian stage ) and one of the largest known flying animals of all time . 
Quedlinburg ::   quedlinburg ( ) is a town situated just north of the harz mountains , in the district of harz in the west of saxony - anhalt , germany . 
Quantization ::   quantization is the process of constraining an input from a continuous or otherwise large set of values ( such as the real numbers ) to a discrete set ( such as the integers ) . 
Quartet ::   in music , a quartet or quartette ( , , , , ) is an ensemble of four singers or instrumental performers ; or a musical composition for four voices or instruments . 
Quasi-War ::   the quasi - war ( ) was an undeclared war fought almost entirely at sea between the united states of america and the french republic from 1798 to 1800 . 
QSIG ::   qsig is an isdn based signaling protocol for signaling between private branch exchanges ( pbxs ) in a private integrated services network ( pisn ) . 
Quasicrystal ::   a quasiperiodic crystal , or quasicrystal , is a structure that is ordered but not periodic . 
Recreation ::   recreation is an activity of leisure , leisure being discretionary time . 
Recession ::   in economics , a recession is a business cycle contraction which results in a general slowdown in economic activity . 
Russia ::   russia (; ) , also officially known as the russian federation ( ) , is a country in eurasia . 
Russian ::   russian refers to anything related to russia , including : russian may also refer to : 
Recursion ::   recursion occurs when a thing is defined in terms of itself or of its type . 
Reptile ::   reptiles are tetrapod animals in the class reptilia , comprising today 's turtles , crocodilians , snakes , amphisbaenians , lizards , tuatara , and their extinct relatives . 
Religion ::   religion is any cultural system of designated behaviors and practices , world views , texts , sanctified places , ethics , or organizations , that relate humanity to the supernatural or transcendental . 
Rapping ::   rapping ( or rhyming , spitting , emceeing , mcing ) is a musical form of vocal delivery that incorporates " rhyme , rhythmic speech , and street vernacular " , which is performed or chanted in a variety of ways , usually over a backbeat or musical accompaniment . 
Retronym ::   a retronym is a word created to differentiate between two words , where previously no clarification was required . 
Romania ::   romania ( ; ) is a sovereign state located in southeastern europe . 
Rhetoric ::   rhetoric is the art of discourse , wherein a writer or speaker strives to inform , persuade or motivate particular audiences in specific situations . 
Rheology ::   rheology (; from greek ῥέω " rhéō " , " flow " and -λoγία , -"logia " , " study of " ) is the study of the flow of matter , primarily in a liquid state , but also as ' soft solids ' or solids under conditions in which they respond with plastic flow rather than deforming elastically in response to an applied force . 
Rifle ::   a rifle is a firearm designed to be fired from the shoulder , with a barrel that has a helical groove or pattern of grooves ( " rifling " ) cut into the barrel walls . 
Rome ::   rome ( ; , ) is the capital of italy and a special comune ( named " comune di roma capitale " ) . 
Feminazi ::   feminazi is a pejorative term popularized by politically conservative radio talk - show host rush limbaugh to refer to feminists . 
Ring ::   ring most broadly refers to a hollow circular shape or to a high - pitched sound . 
Miniature ::   a miniature is a small - scale reproduction , or a small version . 
Rosemary ::   rosmarinus officinalis , commonly known as rosemary , is a woody , perennial herb with fragrant , evergreen , needle - like leaves and white , pink , purple , or blue flowers , native to the mediterranean region . 
Rosales ::   rosales is an order of flowering plants . 
Rebuttal ::   in law , rebuttal is a form of evidence that is presented to contradict or nullify other evidence that has been presented by an adverse party . 
Riga ::   riga (; , ) is the capital and the largest city of latvia . 
Reich ::   reich (; ) is a german word literally meaning " realm " . 
Reggae ::   reggae ( ) is a music genre that originated in jamaica in the late 1960s . 
Research ::   research comprises " creative and systematic work undertaken to increase the stock of knowledge , including knowledge of humans , culture and society , and the use of this stock of knowledge to devise new applications . " 
Renaissance ::   the renaissance ( , ) was a period in european history , from the 14th to the 17th century , regarded as the cultural bridge between the middle ages and modern history . 
Rheged ::   rheged ( ) was one of the kingdoms of the " hen ogledd " ( " old north " ) , the brittonic - speaking region of what is now northern england and southern scotland , during the post - roman era and early middle ages . 
Republic ::   a republic ( ) is a form of government in which the country is considered a " public matter " , not the private concern or property of the rulers . 
Robyn ::   robin miriam carlsson ( born 12 june 1979 ) , known as robyn , is a swedish singer , songwriter and record producer . 
Ragga ::   raggamuffin music , usually abbreviated as ragga , is a subgenre of dancehall and reggae music , in which the instrumentation primarily consists of electronic music . 
Rubidium ::   rubidium is a chemical element with symbol rb and atomic number 37 . 
Ruthenium ::   ruthenium is a chemical element with symbol ru and atomic number 44 . 
Rhodium ::   rhodium is a chemical element with symbol rh and atomic number 45 . 
Radium ::   radium is a chemical element with symbol   ra and atomic number   88 . 
Rhenium ::   rhenium is a chemical element with symbol re and atomic number 75 . 
Radon ::   radon is a chemical element with symbol   rn and atomic number   86 . 
Riddarfjärden ::   riddarfjärden ( , " the knight firth " ) is the easternmost bay of lake mälaren in central stockholm . 
Racism ::   racism is the belief in the superiority of one race over another , which often results in discrimination and prejudice towards people based on their race or ethnicity . 
R ::   r ( named " ar / or " ) is the 18th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Rwanda ::   rwanda ( or ; ) , officially the republic of rwanda (; ) , is a sovereign state in central and east africa and one of the smallest countries on the african mainland . 
Rockall ::   rockall is a british uninhabited granite islet and is found within the exclusive economic zone ( eez ) of the united kingdom , situated in the north atlantic ocean . 
Rammstein ::   rammstein ( ) is a german industrial metal band , formed in 1994 in berlin . 
Rosaceae ::   rosaceae , the rose family , is a medium - sized family of flowering plants , including 4,828 known species in 91 genera . 
Radar ::   radar is an object - detection system that uses radio waves to determine the range , angle , or velocity of objects . 
Taiwan ::   taiwan ( ) , officially the republic of china ( roc ) , is a state in east asia . 
RuneQuest ::   runequest is a fantasy role - playing game first published in 1978 by chaosium , created by steve perrin and set in greg stafford 's mythical world of glorantha . 
Rerun ::   a rerun or repeat is a rebroadcast of an episode of a radio or television program . 
Routing ::   routing is the process of selecting a path for traffic in a network , or between or across multiple networks . 
RIP ::   rip or r.i.p. is an abbreviation of the english rest in peace or ( in latin ) " requiescat in pace " , often used in epitaphs . 
Resistor ::   a resistor is a passive two - terminal electrical component that implements electrical resistance as a circuit element . 
Republicanism ::   republicanism is an ideology of being a citizen in a state as a republic under which the people hold popular sovereignty . 
RNA ::   ribonucleic acid ( rna ) is a polymeric molecule essential in various biological roles in coding , decoding , regulation , and expression of genes . 
Ribosome ::   the ribosome ( ) is a complex molecular machine , found within all living cells , that serves as the site of biological protein synthesis ( translation ) . 
Robot ::   a robot is a machine — especially one programmable by a computer— capable of carrying out a complex series of actions automatically . 
Revolver ::   a revolver is a repeating handgun that has a revolving cylinder containing multiple chambers and at least one barrel for firing . 
Reykjavík ::   reykjavík ( , ; ) is the capital and largest city of iceland . 
Retrovirus ::   a retrovirus is a single - stranded positive - sense rna virus with a dna intermediate and , as an obligate parasite , targets a host cell . 
Reincarnation ::   reincarnation is the philosophical or religious concept that an aspect of a living being starts a new life in a different physical body or form after each biological death . 
Rickenbacker ::   rickenbacker international corporation , also known as rickenbacker , is an electric string instrument manufacturer based in santa ana , california . 
Red ::   red is the color at the end of visible spectrum of light , next to orange and opposite violet . 
Ragnarök ::   in norse mythology , ragnarök is a series of future events , including a great battle , foretold to ultimately result in the death of a number of major figures ( including the gods odin , thor , týr , freyr , heimdallr , and loki ) , the occurrence of various natural disasters , and the subsequent submersion of the world in water . 
RC4 ::   in cryptography , rc4 ( rivest cipher 4 also known as arc4 or arcfour meaning alleged rc4 , see below ) is a stream cipher . 
Rhine ::   the rhine ( , , , , ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss - liechtenstein , swiss - austrian , swiss - german and then the franco - german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands . 
Rungholt ::   rungholt was a settlement in nordfriesland , in what was then the danish duchy of schleswig . 
Recusancy ::   recusancy was the state of those who refused to attend anglican services during the history of england and wales ; these individuals were known as " recusants " . 
Radiation ::   in physics , radiation is the emission or transmission of energy in the form of waves or particles through space or through a material medium . 
Rán ::   in norse mythology , rán ( old norse perhaps " robber " ) is a goddess associated with the sea . 
Road ::   a road is a thoroughfare , route , or way on land between two places that has been paved or otherwise improved to allow travel by foot or some form of conveyance , including a motor vehicle , cart , bicycle , or horse . 
R-Type ::   r - type is a side scrolling shoot - em - up arcade game produced by irem in 1987 . 
Raëlism ::   raëlism ( also known as raëlianism or the raëlian movement ) is a ufo religion that was founded in 1974 by claude vorilhon ( b. 1946 ) , now known as raël . 
Rapids ::   rapids are sections of a river where the river bed has a relatively steep slope . 
Rutherfordium ::   rutherfordium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol rf and atomic number 104 , named after physicist ernest rutherford . 
Regiomontanus ::   johannes müller von königsberg ( 6 june 1436 – 6 july 1476 ) , better known as regiomontanus , was a mathematician and astronomer of the german renaissance , active in vienna , buda and nuremberg . 
Refraction ::   refraction is the change in direction of wave propagation due to a change in its transmission medium . 
Revolution ::   a revolution ( from the latin " revolutio " , " a turn around " ) is a fundamental change in political power or organizational structures that takes place in a relatively short period of time when the population rises up in revolt against the current authorities . 
RCA ::   the rca corporation was a major american electronics company , which was founded as the radio corporation of america in 1919 . 
Reliabilism ::   reliabilism , a category of theories in the philosophical discipline of epistemology , has been advanced as a theory both of justification and of knowledge . 
Reversi ::   reversi is a strategy board game for two players , played on an 8×8 uncheckered board . 
Rickets ::   rickets is defective mineralization or calcification of bones before epiphyseal closure in immature mammals due to deficiency or impaired metabolism of vitamin d , phosphorus or calcium , potentially leading to fractures and deformity . 
Register ::   a register is an authoritative list of one kind of information . 
Radian ::   the radian is the standard unit of angular measure , used in many areas of mathematics . 
Rehoboam ::   rehoboam ( pronounced ; ; ; ) was the fourth king of israel according to the hebrew bible . 
RS-232 ::   in telecommunications , rs-232 , recommended standard 232 is a standard introduced in 1960 for serial communication transmission of data . 
Relationship ::   relationship most often refers to : relationship may also refer to : 
Running ::   running is a method of terrestrial locomotion allowing humans and other animals to move rapidly on foot . 
Photek ::   rupert parkes ( born 1972 ) , known as photek , is a los angeles – based british record producer , film & tv composer , and electronic music dj . 
RPGnet ::   rpgnet is a role - playing game website . 
Revelation ::   in religion and theology , revelation is the revealing or disclosing of some form of truth or knowledge through communication with a deity or other supernatural entity or entities . 
Rotterdam ::   rotterdam ( or ; ) is a city in the netherlands , in south holland within the rhine – meuse– 
Ringworld ::   ringworld is a 1970 science fiction novel by larry niven , set in his known space universe and considered a classic of science fiction literature . 
RN ::   rn or rn may stand for : 
Railtrack ::   railtrack was a group of companies that owned the track , signalling , tunnels , bridges , level crossings and all but a handful of the stations of the british railway system from 1994 until 2002 . 
Romanticism ::   romanticism ( also the romantic era or the romantic period ) was an artistic , literary , musical and intellectual movement that originated in europe toward the end of the 18th century , and in most areas was at its peak in the approximate period from 1800 to 1850 . 
Roman ::   a roman or romans is a thing or person of or from the city of rome . 
Roof ::   a roof is part of a building envelope . 
Retroposon ::   retroposons are repetitive dna fragments which are inserted into chromosomes after they had been reverse transcribed from any rna molecule . 
Record ::   a recording , record or records may mean : 
Raven ::   a raven is one of several larger - bodied species of the genus " corvus " . 
Ramadan ::   ramadan (; ' , ; also romanized as ramzan , ramadhan , or ramathan " ' ) is the ninth month of the islamic calendar , and is observed by muslims worldwide as a month of fasting ( sawm ) to commemorate the first revelation of the quran to muhammad according to islamic belief . 
Rhombicuboctahedron ::   in geometry , the rhombicuboctahedron , or small rhombicuboctahedron , is an archimedean solid with eight triangular and eighteen square faces . 
Rhodesia ::   rhodesia ( ) , commonly known from 1970 onwards as the republic of rhodesia , was an unrecognised state in southern africa from 1965 to 1979 , equivalent in territorial terms to modern zimbabwe . 
Rhyme ::   a rhyme is a repetition of similar sounds ( or the same sound ) in two or more words , most often in the final syllables of lines in poems and songs . 
Rhythm ::   rhythm ( from greek , " rhythmos " , " any regular recurring motion , symmetry " ) generally means a " movement marked by the regulated succession of strong and weak elements , or of opposite or different conditions " . 
Riboflavin ::   riboflavin , also known as vitamin b , is a vitamin found in food and used as a dietary supplement . 
Rijksmuseum ::   the rijksmuseum (; ) is a dutch national museum dedicated to arts and history in amsterdam . 
Rhineland-Palatinate ::   rhineland - palatinate ( , ; ) is one of the 16 states ( ) of the federal republic of germany . 
Redshift ::   in physics , redshift happens when light or other electromagnetic radiation from an object is increased in wavelength , or shifted to the red end of the spectrum . 
Rajasthan ::   rajasthan ( ; literally , " land of kings " ) is india 's largest state by area ( or 10.4% of india 's total area ) . 
Rocket ::   a rocket ( from italian " rocchetto " " bobbin " ) is a missile , spacecraft , aircraft or other vehicle that obtains thrust from a rocket engine . 
Reproduction ::   reproduction ( or procreation or breeding ) is the biological process by which new individual organisms – " offspring " – are produced from their " parents " . 
Roslagen ::   roslagen is the name of the coastal areas of uppland province in sweden , which also constitutes the northern part of the stockholm archipelago . 
Ramjet ::   a ramjet , sometimes referred to as a flying stovepipe or an athodyd ( an abbreviation of aero thermodynamic duct ) , is a form of airbreathing jet engine that uses the engine 's forward motion to compress incoming air without an axial compressor . 
Robotech ::   robotech is a science fiction franchise that began with an 85-episode anime television series produced by harmony gold usa in association with tatsunoko production and first released in the united states in 1985 . 
Radioteletype ::   radioteletype ( rtty ) is a telecommunications system consisting originally of two or more electromechanical teleprinters in different locations connected by radio rather than a wired link . 
RIPEMD ::   ripemd ( race integrity primitives evaluation message digest ) is a family of cryptographic hash functions developed in leuven , belgium , by hans dobbertin , antoon bosselaers and bart preneel at the cosic research group at the katholieke universiteit leuven , and first published in 1996 . 
RFPolicy ::   the rfpolicy states a method of contacting vendors about security vulnerabilities found in their products . 
Ratatoskr ::   in norse mythology , ratatoskr ( old norse , generally considered to mean " drill - tooth " or " bore - tooth " ) is a squirrel who runs up and down the world tree yggdrasil to carry messages between the eagle and the hawk veðrfölnir , perched atop yggdrasil , and the dragon níðhöggr , who dwells beneath one of the three roots of the tree . 
Reichsmarine ::   the reichsmarine ( , " navy of the realm " ) was the name of the german navy during the weimar republic and first two years of nazi germany . 
Rebol ::   rebol ( ; historically rebol ) is a cross - platform data exchange language and a multi - paradigm dynamic programming language designed by carl sassenrath for network communications and distributed computing . 
Rochester ::   rochester refers to : in the united states : in the united kingdom : 
Rosół ::   rosół is a traditional polish meat broth . 
Reactor :: 
Restaurant ::   a restaurant ( or ; ) , or an eatery , is a business which prepares and serves food and drinks to customers in exchange for money . 
Roppongi ::   the name " roppongi " , which appears to have been coined around 1660 , literally means " six trees " . 
Resurrection ::   resurrection is the concept of coming back to life after death . 
Risus ::   risus : the anything rpg is a rules - light generic role - playing game ( rpg ) written , designed and illustrated by s. john ross of cumberland games and diversions . " 
Rigel ::   rigel , also designated beta orionis ( β orionis , abbreviated beta ori , β ori ) , is generally the seventh - brightest star in the night sky and the brightest star in the constellation of orion — though periodically it is outshone within the constellation by the variable betelgeuse . 
Rat ::   rats are various medium - sized , long - tailed rodents of the superfamily muroidea . 
Replicant ::   a replicant is a fictional bioengineered or biorobotic android in the 1982 film " blade runner " , in its 2017 sequel " blade runner 2049 " , and in the 1997 video game based on the film . 
Rust ::   rust is an iron oxide , usually red oxide formed by the redox reaction of iron and oxygen in the presence of water or air moisture . 
Roulette ::   roulette is a casino game named after the french word meaning " little wheel " . 
Retirement ::   retirement is the point where a person stops employment completely . 
Riverside ::   riverside describes anything on the bank of or alongside a river . 
Reaganomics ::   reaganomics (; a portmanteau of " [ ronald ] reagan " and " economics " , attributed to paul harvey ) refers to the economic policies promoted by u.s. president ronald reagan during the 1980s . 
Rose ::   a rose is a woody perennial flowering plant of the genus rosa , in the family rosaceae , or the flower it bears . 
Rosmalen ::   rosmalen ( ) is a town in the province of north brabant , in the south of the netherlands . 
Reconquista ::   the ( spanish and portuguese for the " reconquest " ) is the period in the history of the iberian peninsula in the about 780 years between the islamic conquest of hispania in 711 and the fall of the last islamic state in iberia at granada to the expanding christian kingdoms in 1492 . 
Ragtime ::   ragtime – also spelled rag - time or rag time – is a musical style that enjoyed its peak popularity between 1895 and 1918 . 
Rashi ::   shlomo yitzchaki (; ; , 22 february 1040 – 13 july 1105 ) , today generally known by the acronym rashi ( , rabbi shlomo itzhaki ) , was a medieval french rabbi and author of a comprehensive commentary on the talmud and commentary on the " tanakh " . 
Rurik ::   rurik ( also riurik ; old church slavonic " rjurikŭ " , from old norse " hrøríkʀ " ; 830 – 879 ) , according to the 12th - century " primary chronicle " , was a varangian chieftain of the rus ' who in the year 862 gained control of ladoga , built the holmgard settlement near novgorod . 
Rennet ::   rennet is a complex of enzymes produced in the stomachs of ruminant mammals . 
Rabbit ::   rabbits are small mammals in the family leporidae of the order lagomorpha , found in several parts of the world . 
Rooster ::   a rooster , also known as a cockerel or cock , is a male gallinaceous bird , usually a male chicken ( " gallus gallus " ) . 
Relay ::   a relay is an electrically operated switch . 
Spain ::   spain ( ) , officially the kingdom of spain ( ) , is a sovereign state located on the iberian peninsula in southwestern europe , with two large archipelagoes , the balearic islands in the mediterranean sea and the canary islands off the north african atlantic coast , two cities , ceuta and melilla , in the north african mainland and several small islands in the alboran sea near the moroccan coast . 
Sumba ::   sumba ( ) is an island in eastern indonesia . 
SHA-1 ::   in cryptography , sha-1 ( secure hash algorithm 1 ) is a cryptographic hash function designed by the united states national security agency and is a u.s. federal information processing standard published by the united states nist . 
Statistics ::   statistics is a branch of mathematics dealing with the collection , analysis , interpretation , presentation , and organization of data . 
Science ::   science ( from latin " scientia " , meaning " knowledge " ) is a systematic enterprise that builds and organizes knowledge in the form of testable explanations and predictions about the universe . 
Statistic ::   a statistic ( singular ) or sample statistic is a single measure of some attribute of a sample ( e.g. , its arithmetic mean value ) . 
Sculpture ::   sculpture is the branch of the visual arts that operates in three dimensions . 
Slashdot ::   slashdot ( sometimes abbreviated as /. 
Scandinavia ::   scandinavia is a historical and cultural region in northern europe characterized by a common ethnocultural north germanic heritage and mutually intelligible north germanic languages . 
Stockholm ::   stockholm (; ) is the capital of sweden and the most populous city in the nordic countries ; 942,370 people live in the municipality , approximately 1.5 million in the urban area , and 2.3 million in the metropolitan area . 
Switzerland ::   switzerland ( ) , officially the swiss confederation , is a federal republic in europe . 
Sun ::   the sun is the star at the center of the solar system . 
Smiley ::   a smiley ( sometimes simply called a happy face or smiling face ) is a stylized representation of a smiling humanoid face that is a part of popular culture worldwide . 
Signature ::   a signature (; from , " to sign " ) is a handwritten ( and often stylized ) depiction of someone 's name , nickname , or even a simple " x " or other mark that a person writes on documents as a proof of identity and intent . 
Seal ::   seal most commonly refers to : seal may also refer to : 
Sirenia ::   the sirenia , commonly referred to as sea cows or sirenians , are an order of fully aquatic , herbivorous mammals that inhabit swamps , rivers , estuaries , marine wetlands , and coastal marine waters . 
Spindletop ::   spindletop is a salt dome oil field located in the southern portion of beaumont , texas in the united states . 
Stendhal ::   marie - henri beyle (; 23 january 1783 – 23 march 1842 ) , better known by his pen name stendhal ( or ; in english , , or ) , was a 19th - century french writer . 
Syndicalism ::   syndicalism is a proposed type of economic system , considered a replacement for capitalism . 
Statute ::   a statute is a formal written enactment of a legislative authority that governs a state , city or country . 
Sanction ::   a sanction may be either a permission or a restriction , depending upon context , as the word is an auto - antonym . 
Sarajevo ::   sarajevo ( , , ) is the capital and largest city of bosnia and herzegovina , with a population of 275,524 in its current administrative limits . 
Spirotrich ::   the spirotrichs are a large and distinctive group of ciliate protozoa . 
Satire ::   satire is a genre of literature , and sometimes graphic and performing arts , in which vices , follies , abuses , and shortcomings are held up to ridicule , ideally with the intent of shaming individuals , corporations , government , or society itself into improvement . 
Saxophone ::   the saxophone ( also referred to as the sax ) is a family of woodwind instruments . 
Sackbut ::   a sackbut is a type of trombone from the renaissance and baroque eras , characterised by a telescopic slide that is used to vary the length of the tube to change pitch . 
Saxhorn ::   the saxhorn is a family of valved brass instruments that have conical bores and deep cup - shaped mouthpieces . 
Sex ::   organisms of many species are specialized into male and female varieties , each known as a sex , with some falling in between being intersex . 
Star ::   a star is a luminous sphere of plasma held together by its own gravity . 
Skepticism ::   skepticism ( american english ) or scepticism ( british english ; see spelling differences ) is generally any questioning attitude or doubt towards one or more items of putative knowledge or belief . 
Stagflation ::   in economics , stagflation , a portmanteau of " stagnation " and " inflation " , is a situation in which the inflation rate is high , the economic growth rate slows , and unemployment remains steadily high . 
Soundness :: 
Syllabary ::   a syllabary is a set of written symbols that represent the syllables or ( more frequently ) moras which make up words . 
Sodium ::   sodium is a chemical element with symbol   na ( from latin " natrium " ) and atomic number   11 . 
Suriname ::   suriname ( , or , also spelled surinam ) , officially known as the republic of suriname ( ) , is a sovereign state on the northeastern atlantic coast of south america . 
Slovakia ::   slovakia (; ) , officially the slovak republic ( , ) , is a landlocked country in central europe . 
Shotgun ::   a shotgun ( also known as a scattergun , or historically as a fowling piece ) is a firearm that is usually designed to be fired from the shoulder , which uses the energy of a fixed shell to fire a number of small spherical pellets called shot , or a solid projectile called a slug . 
Saskatchewan ::   saskatchewan ( , ) is a prairie and boreal province in western canada , the only province without natural borders . 
Socialism ::   socialism is a range of economic and social systems characterised by social ownership and democratic control of the means of production , as well as the political theories and movements associated with them . 
Synergy ::   synergy is the creation of a whole that is greater than the simple sum of its parts . 
Syntax ::   in linguistics , syntax ( ) is the set of rules , principles , and processes that govern the structure of sentences in a given language , specifically word order and punctuation . 
Shamanism ::   shamanism ( or ) is a practice that involves a practitioner reaching altered states of consciousness in order to perceive and interact with a spirit world and channel these transcendental energies into this world . 
Sexology ::   sexology is the scientific study of human sexuality , including human sexual interests , behaviors and functions . 
Seafood ::   seafood is any form of sea life regarded as food by humans . 
Second ::   the second ( symbol : s ) ( abbreviated s or sec ) is the base unit of time in the international system of units ( si ) . 
Superconductivity ::   superconductivity is a phenomenon of exactly zero electrical resistance and expulsion of magnetic flux fields occurring in certain materials , called superconductors , when cooled below a characteristic critical temperature . 
Spice ::   a spice is a seed , fruit , root , bark , or other plant substance primarily used for flavoring , coloring or preserving food . 
Sect ::   a sect is a subgroup of a religious , political , or philosophical belief system , usually an offshoot of a larger group . 
Spearmint ::   spearmint , or spear mint ( binomial " mentha spicata " , synonym " mentha viridis " ) , also known as garden mint , " common mint " , " lamb mint " and " mackerel mint " , is a species of mint native to much of europe and asia ( middle east , himalayas , china etc . ) , and naturalized in parts of northern and western africa , north america , and south america , as well as various oceanic islands . 
Satureja ::   satureja is a genus of aromatic plants of the family lamiaceae , related to rosemary and thyme . 
Silurian ::   the silurian is a geologic period and system spanning 24.6 million years from the end of the ordovician period , at million years ago ( mya ) , to the beginning of the devonian period , mya . 
Siege ::   a siege is a military blockade of a city , or fortress , with the intent of conquering by attrition , or a well - prepared assault . 
Sapindales ::   sapindales is an order of flowering plants . 
Solanales ::   the solanales are an order of flowering plants , included in the asterid group of dicotyledons . 
Sideshow ::   in america , a sideshow is an extra , secondary production associated with a circus , carnival , fair or other such attraction . 
Scorpio ::   scorpio is the latin word for scorpion . 
Scorpius ::   scorpius is one of the constellations of the zodiac . 
Stephenson ::   stephenson is a medieval patronymic surname meaning " son of stephen " . 
Seat ::   a seat is a place to sit , referring to the area sat upon as opposed to other elements like armrests . 
Saladin ::   an - nasir salah ad - din yusuf ibn ayyub ( / ala - lc : " ṣalāḥ ad - dīn yūsuf ibn ayyūb " ; / ala - lc : " selahedînê eyûbî " ) , known as salah ad - din or saladin (; 11374 march 1193 ) , was the first sultan of egypt and syria and the founder of the ayyubid dynasty . 
Sophocles ::   sophocles (; , " sophoklēs " , ; 497/6 – winter 406/5 bc ) is one of three ancient greek tragedians whose plays have survived . 
Salinity ::   salinity is the saltiness or amount of salt dissolved in a body of water ( see also soil salinity ) . 
Saxifragales ::   the saxifragales are an order of flowering plants . 
CLIÉ ::   the sony clié is a series of personal digital assistants running the palm operating system developed and marketed by sony from 2000 to 2005 . 
Sony ::   sony corporation is the electronics business unit and the parent company of the , which is engaged in business through its four operating components : electronics ( av , it & communication products , semiconductors , video games , network services and medical business ) , motion pictures ( movies and tv shows ) , music ( record labels and music publishing ) and financial services ( banking and insurance ) . 
Scotland ::   scotland (; scots : ; ) is a country that is part of the united kingdom and covers the northern third of the island of great britain . 
Shire ::   a shire is a traditional term for a division of land , found in the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and some other english speaking countries . 
Scientist ::   a scientist is a person engaging in a systematic activity to acquire knowledge that describes and predicts the natural world . 
Smog ::   smog is a type of air pollutant . 
Smoke ::   smoke is a collection of airborne solid and liquid particulates and gases emitted when a material undergoes combustion or pyrolysis , together with the quantity of air that is entrained or otherwise mixed into the mass . 
Serendipity ::   serendipity means a " fortunate happenstance " or " pleasant surprise " . 
Ship ::   a ship is a large watercraft that travels the world 's oceans and other sufficiently deep waterways , carrying passengers or goods , or in support of specialized missions , such as defense , research and fishing . 
Rock–paper–scissors ::   rock - paper - scissors ( also known as paper , scissors , stone or other variants ) is a hand game usually played between two people , in which each player simultaneously forms one of three shapes with an outstretched hand . 
Schutzstaffel ::   the schutzstaffel ( ss ; also stylized as with armanen runes ; ; literally " protection squadron " ) was a major paramilitary organization under adolf hitler and the nazi party ( nsdap ) in nazi germany , and later throughout german - occupied europe during world war ii . 
Steel ::   steel is an alloy of iron and other elements , primarily carbon . because of its high tensile strength and low cost , it is a major component used in buildings , infrastructure , tools , ships , automobiles , machines , appliances , and weapons . 
Sockerdricka ::   sockerdricka ( swedish for : " sugar drink " ) is a soft drink dating from the 19th century . 
Standardization ::   standardization or standardisation is the process of implementing and developing technical standards based on the consensus of different parties that include firms , users , interest groups , standards organizations and governments standardization can help to maximize compatibility , interoperability , safety , repeatability , or quality . 
Worf ::   worf , son of mogh ( wo'riv in the klingon language ) is a fictional character in the " star trek " franchise . 
Cardassian ::   the cardassians are an extraterrestrial species in the " star trek " science fiction franchise . 
Martok ::   martok , son of urthog is a recurring character in " " , played by actor j. g. hertzler . 
Chakotay ::   chakotay is a fictional character who appears in each of the seven seasons of the american science fiction television series " " . 
Romulan ::   the romulans are an extraterrestrial humanoid species in the science fiction franchise " star trek " . 
Secularism ::   secularism is the principle of the separation of government institutions and persons mandated to represent the state from religious institutions and religious dignitaries ( the attainment of such is termed secularity ) . 
Silicon ::   silicon is a chemical element with symbol si and atomic number 14 . 
Scandium ::   scandium is a chemical element with symbol sc and atomic number 21 . 
Selenium ::   selenium is a chemical element with symbol se and atomic number   34 . 
Strontium ::   strontium is the chemical element with symbol   sr and atomic number   38 . 
Silver ::   silver is a chemical element with symbol ag ( from the latin " " , derived from the greek " ὰργὀς " : " shiny " or " white " ) and atomic number 47 . 
Samarium ::   samarium is a chemical element with symbol   sm and atomic number   62 . 
Saarland ::   the saarland ( german : " das saarland " , ; ) is one of the sixteen states ( or " bundesländer " ) of the federal republic of germany . 
Schleswig-Holstein ::   schleswig - holstein (; ) is the northernmost of the 16 states of germany , comprising most of the historical duchy of holstein and the southern part of the former duchy of schleswig . 
Sulfur ::   sulfur or sulphur is a chemical element with symbol   s and atomic number   16 . 
Sed ::   sed ( " stream editor " ) is a unix utility that parses and transforms text , using a simple , compact programming language . 
Sexism ::   sexism or gender discrimination is prejudice or discrimination based on a person 's sex or gender . 
S ::   s ( named " ess " , plural " esses " ) is the 19th letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Ska ::   ska (; jamaican : ) is a music genre that originated in jamaica in the late 1950s and was the precursor to rocksteady and reggae . 
Shoe ::   a shoe is an item of footwear intended to protect and comfort the human foot while the wearer is doing various activities . 
Slang ::   slang refers to words , phrases and uses that are regarded as very informal and often restricted to special context or peculiar to a specified profession class and the like . 
Skinhead ::   a skinhead is a member of a subculture originating among working class youths in london , england in the 1960s that soon spread to other parts of the united kingdom , with a second working class skinhead movement spreading worldwide in the 1980s . 
Sorrel ::   common sorrel or garden sorrel ( " rumex acetosa " ) , often simply called sorrel , is a perennial herb in the family polygonaceae . 
Samoa ::   the independent state of samoa ( ) , commonly known as samoa ( , ; ) and , until 1997 , known as western samoa , is a unitary parliamentary democracy with eleven administrative divisions . 
Senegal ::   senegal (; ) , officially the republic of senegal ( ) , is a country in west africa . 
Seychelles ::   seychelles ( ; french : ) , officially the republic of seychelles (; creole : " repiblik sesel " ) , is an archipelago and country in the indian ocean . 
Singapore ::   the republic of singapore ( , ) is a sovereign city - state in southeast asia . 
Slovenia ::   slovenia ( ; ) , officially the republic of slovenia ( slovene : , abbr . : " rs " ) , is a nation state located in the southern central europe . 
Somalia ::   somalia ( ; ; ' ) , officially the federal republic of somalia ( , ' ) , is a country located in the horn of africa . 
Snooker ::   snooker ( , ) is a cue sport which originated among british army officers in etawah , india in the latter half of the 19th century . 
Sudan ::   the sudan or sudan ( , ; " as - sūdān " ) also known as north sudan since south sudan 's independence and officially the republic of the sudan ( " jumhūriyyat as - sūdān " ) , is a country in northern africa . 
Svalbard ::   svalbard (; prior to 1925 known by its dutch name spitsbergen , meaning " jagged mountains " ) is a norwegian archipelago in the arctic ocean . 
Swaziland ::   swaziland , officially the kingdom of eswatini ( or ; swazi : " umbuso weswatini " ; sometimes called kangwane or eswatini ) , is a sovereign state in southern africa . 
Slartibartfast ::   slartibartfast is a character in " the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy " , a comedy / science fiction series created by douglas adams . 
Sanity ::   sanity ( from ) refers to the soundness , rationality and healthiness of the human mind , as opposed to insanity . 
September ::   september is the ninth month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars and the third month to have the length of 30 day in the northern hemisphere is the seasonal equivalent of march in the southern hemisphere . 
Supermarine ::   supermarine was a british aircraft manufacturer that produced , among the others , a range of seaplanes and the supermarine spitfire fighter . 
Shareware ::   shareware is a type of proprietary software which is initially provided free of charge to users , who are allowed and encouraged to make and share copies of the program . 
Siebold ::   von siebold is a german surname : 
Skeleton ::   the skeleton ( from greek σκελετός , " skeletós " " dried up " ) is the body part that forms the supporting structure of an organism . 
Sunspot ::   sunspots are temporary phenomena on the sun 's photosphere that appear as spots darker than the surrounding areas . 
Sicily ::   sicily ( ; , ) is the largest island in the mediterranean sea . 
Subset ::   in mathematics , especially in set theory , a set " a " is a subset of a set " b " , or equivalently " b " is a superset of " a " , if " a " is " contained " inside " b " , that is , all elements of " a " are also elements of " b " . " a " and " b " may coincide . 
Stonehenge ::   stonehenge is a prehistoric monument in wiltshire , england , west of amesbury and north of salisbury . 
Spermatozoon ::   a spermatozoon ( pronounced , alternate spelling spermatozoön ; plural spermatozoa ; from " seed " and " living being " ) is a motile sperm cell , or moving form of the haploid cell that is the male gamete . 
Shanghai ::   shanghai is one of the four direct - controlled municipalities of china and the most populous city proper in the world with a population of more than 24 million . 
Space ::   space is the boundless three - dimensional extent in which objects and events have relative position and direction . 
Sailing ::   sailing employs the wind — acting on sails , wingsails or kites — to propel a craft on the surface of the " water " ( sailing ship , sailboat , windsurfer , or kitesurfer ) , on " ice " ( iceboat ) or on " land " ( land yacht ) over a chosen course , which is often part of a larger plan of navigation . 
Shuttlecock ::   a shuttlecock ( also called a bird or birdie ) is a high - drag projectile used in the sport of badminton . 
Supernova ::   a supernova ( plural : supernovae or supernovas , abbreviations : sn and sne ) is a transient astronomical event that occurs during the last stellar evolutionary stages of a massive star 's life , whose dramatic and catastrophic destruction is marked by one final titanic explosion . 
Satellite ::   in context of spaceflight , a satellite is an artificial object which has been intentionally placed into orbit . 
Steampunk ::   steampunk is a subgenre of science fiction or science fantasy that incorporates technology and aesthetic designs inspired by 19th - century industrial steam - powered machinery . 
Spreadsheet ::   a spreadsheet is an interactive computer application for organization , analysis and storage of data in tabular form . 
Satan ::   satan ( " satan " , meaning " enemy " or " adversary " ; " shaitan " , meaning ; " astray " , " distant " , or sometimes " devil " ) is a figure appearing in the texts of the abrahamic religions who brings evil and temptation , and is known as the deceiver who leads humanity astray . 
Sanskrit ::   sanskrit (; : ) is the primary liturgical language of hinduism ; a philosophical language of hinduism , sikhism , buddhism , and jainism ; and a literary language and lingua franca of ancient and medieval india and nepal . 
Satanism ::   satanism is a group of ideological and philosophical beliefs based on satan . 
Semiconductor ::   a semiconductor material has an electrical conductivity value falling between that of a conductor , such as copper , and an insulator , such as glass . 
Starch ::   starch or amylum is a polymeric carbohydrate consisting of a large number of glucose units joined by glycosidic bonds . 
Sugar ::   sugar is the generic name for sweet , soluble carbohydrates , many of which are used in food . 
Serbo-Croatian ::   serbo - croatian , also called serbo - croat , serbo - croat - bosnian ( scb ) , bosnian - croatian - serbian ( bcs ) , or bosnian - croatian - montenegrin - serbian ( bcms ) , is a south slavic language and the primary language of serbia , croatia , bosnia and herzegovina , and montenegro . 
Shogi ::   the earliest predecessor of the game , chaturanga , originated in india in the 6th century . shogi in its present form was played as early as the 16th century , while a direct ancestor without the drop rule was recorded from 1210 in a historical document " nichūreki " , which is an edited copy of " shōchūreki " and " kaichūreki " from the late heian period ( c. 1120 ) . 
Spectroscopy ::   spectroscopy is the study of the interaction between matter and electromagnetic radiation . 
Samaritanism ::   samaritan religion is the national religion of the samaritans ( samaritan hebrew : ࠔࠠࠌࠝࠓࠩࠉࠌ " shamerim " , " guardians / watchers [ of the torah ] ” ; hebrew : שומרונים " shomronim " , “ [ inhabitants ] of guard / watch [ mountain ] ” ) . 
Structuralism ::   in sociology , anthropology and linguistics , structuralism is the methodology that elements of human culture must be understood by way of their relationship to a larger , overarching system or structure . 
Sandstone ::   sandstone is a clastic sedimentary rock composed mainly of sand - sized ( 0.0625 to 2 mm ) mineral particles or rock fragments . 
Shirehorses ::   the shirehorses are a spoof band comprising two bbc radio djs from manchester , mark radcliffe and marc riley , known collectively as mark and lard . 
Sappho ::   sappho (; aeolic greek , " psappho " ; c. 630 – c. 570 bc ) was an archaic greek poet from the island of lesbos . 
Schizophrenia ::   schizophrenia is a mental disorder characterized by abnormal social behavior and failure to understand what is real . 
Succubus ::   a succubus is a lilin - demon in female form , or supernatural entity in folklore ( traced back to medieval legend ) that appears in dreams and takes the form of a woman in order to seduce men , usually through sexual activity . 
Semigroup ::   in mathematics , a semigroup is an algebraic structure consisting of a set together with an associative binary operation . 
SuperMemo ::   supermemo ( from " super memory " ) is a learning method and software package developed by supermemo world and supermemo r&d with piotr woźniak in poland from 1985 to the present . 
Systematics ::   biological systematics is the study of the diversification of living forms , both past and present , and the relationships among living things through time . 
Sleep ::   sleep is a naturally recurring state of mind and body , characterized by altered consciousness , relatively inhibited sensory activity , inhibition of nearly all voluntary muscles , and reduced interactions with surroundings . 
Sequence ::   in mathematics , a sequence is an enumerated collection of objects in which repetitions are allowed . 
Senryū ::   senryū is named after edo period haikai poet senryū karai ( 柄井川柳 , 1718 - 1790 ) , whose collection launched the genre into the public consciousness . 
Sandpit ::   a sandpit ( commonwealth countries ) or sandbox ( us / canada ) is a low , wide container or shallow depression filled with soft ( beach ) sand in which children can play . 
Saxons ::   the saxons ( , , , ) were a group of germanic tribes first mentioned as living near the north sea coast of what is now germany ( old saxony ) , in the late roman empire . 
Superparamagnetism ::   superparamagnetism is a form of magnetism which appears in small ferromagnetic or ferrimagnetic nanoparticles . 
Sphere ::   a sphere ( from greek σφαῖρα — " sphaira " , " globe , ball " ) is a perfectly round geometrical object in three - dimensional space that is the surface of a completely round ball , ( viz . 
Sápmi ::   sápmi ( ) , in english commonly known as lapland ( ) , is the cultural region traditionally inhabited by the sami people , traditionally known in english as lapps . 
Sydney ::   sydney ( ) is the state capital of new south wales and the most populous city in australia and oceania . 
Sword ::   a sword is a bladed weapon intended for slashing or thrusting that is longer than a knife or dagger . 
Skíðblaðnir ::   skíðblaðnir ( old norse ' assembled from thin pieces of wood ' ) , sometimes anglicized as skidbladnir or skithblathnir , is the best of ships in norse mythology . 
Sleipnir ::   in norse mythology , sleipnir ( old norse " slippy " or " the slipper " ) is an eight - legged horse . 
Savoy ::   savoy (; , ; ; ; ) is a cultural region in western europe . 
Suffolk ::   suffolk ( ) is an east anglian county of historic origin in england . 
Scylla ::   in greek mythology , scylla ( ; , , " skylla " ) was a monster that lived on one side of a narrow channel of water , opposite her counterpart charybdis . 
Syrinx ::   in classical mythology , syrinx ( greek σύριγξ ) was a nymph and a follower of artemis , known for her chastity 
Savate ::   savate ( ) , also known as boxe française , french boxing , french kickboxing or french footfighting , is a french martial art that uses the hands and feet as weapons combining elements of western boxing with graceful kicking techniques . 
Septuagint ::   the septuagint ( from the latin ' , " seventy " ) is a koine greek translation of a hebraic textual tradition that included certain texts which were later included in the canonical hebrew bible and other related texts which were not . 
Scouting ::   scouting or the scout movement is a movement that aims to support young people in their physical , mental and spiritual development , that they may play constructive roles in society , with a strong focus on the outdoors and survival skills . 
Sociobiology ::   sociobiology is a field of biology that aims to examine and explain social behavior in terms of evolution . 
Sharp-P ::   in computational complexity theory , the complexity class # p ( pronounced " number p " or , sometimes " sharp p " or " hash p " ) is the set of the counting problems associated with the decision problems in the set np . 
Sharp-P-complete ::   for either type of reduction , 
Scrabble ::   scrabble is a word game in which two to four players score points by placing tiles bearing a single letter onto a board divided into a 15×15 grid of squares . 
Sedevacantism ::   sedevacantism is the position , held by a minority of traditionalist catholics , that the present occupant of the holy see is not truly pope due to the mainstream church 's espousal of the heresy of modernism and that , for lack of a valid pope , the see has been vacant since the death of pope pius xii in 1958 . 
SEUL ::   simple end user linux is an advocacy group that promotes linux programs in education and science . 
Spider-Man ::   spider - man is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
Sikhism ::   sikhism ( , ) , or sikhi " " , , from " sikh " , meaning a " disciple " , or a " learner " ) , is a religion that originated in the punjab region of the indian subcontinent about the end of the 15th century . 
Stereoisomerism ::   in stereochemistry , stereoisomers are isomeric molecules that have the same molecular formula and sequence of bonded atoms ( constitution ) , but differ in the three - dimensional orientations of their atoms in space . 
Skin ::   skin is the soft outer tissue covering vertebrates . 
Sunlight ::   sunlight is a portion of the electromagnetic radiation given off by the sun , in particular infrared , visible , and ultraviolet light . 
Stout ::   stout is a dark beer made using roasted malt or roasted barley , hops , water and yeast . 
Slavery ::   slavery is , in the strictest sense of the term , any system in which principles of property law are applied to people , allowing individuals to own , buy and sell other individuals , as a " de jure " form of property . 
Subgroup ::   in group theory , a branch of mathematics , given a group " g " under a binary operation   ∗ , a subset " h " of " g " is called a subgroup of " g " if " h " also forms a group under the operation   ∗. more precisely , " h " is a subgroup of " g " if the restriction of ∗ to is a group operation on " h " . 
Sirius ::   sirius ( , a romanization of greek , " seirios " , ."glowing " or " scorching " ) is a star system and the brightest star in the earth 's night sky . 
School ::   a school is an institution designed to provide learning spaces and learning environments for the teaching of students ( or " pupils " ) under the direction of teachers . 
Sontaran ::   the sontarans are a fictional extraterrestrial agendered race of humanoids from the british science fiction television series " doctor who " , and also seen in spin - off series " the sarah jane adventures " . 
Skateboarding ::   skateboarding is an action sport which involves riding and performing tricks using a skateboard . skateboarding 
Sniper ::   a sniper is a marksman who operates alone , in a pair , or with a sniper team , to maintain close visual contact with the enemy and shoot them from concealed positions or distances exceeding their detection capabilities . 
Sign ::   a sign is an object , quality , event , or entity whose presence or occurrence indicates the probable presence or occurrence of something else . 
Supercluster ::   a supercluster is a large group of smaller galaxy clusters or galaxy groups , which is among the largest - known structures of the cosmos . 
Seaborgium ::   seaborgium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol sg and atomic number 106 . 
Serpens ::   serpens ( " the serpent " , greek ) is a constellation of the northern hemisphere . 
Stevia ::   stevia ( , or ) is a sweetener and sugar substitute extracted from the leaves of the plant species " stevia rebaudiana " . 
Sextans ::   sextans is a minor equatorial constellation which was introduced in 1687 by johannes hevelius . 
Scottish ::   scottish usually refers to something of , from , or related to scotland , including : 
Sagitta ::   sagitta is a dim but distinctive constellation in the northern sky . 
Sejm ::   the sejm of the republic of poland (; ) is the lower house of the polish parliament . 
Simony ::   simony is the act of selling church offices and roles . 
Samaritans ::   the samaritans ( samaritan hebrew : ࠔࠠࠌࠝࠓࠩࠉࠌ , " shamerim " ( שַמֶרִים ) , meaning " guardians / keepers / watchers " ( of the torah ) , , ) are an ethnoreligious group of the levant originating from the israelites ( or hebrews ) of the ancient near east . 
Snow ::   snow refers to forms of ice crystals that precipitate from the atmosphere ( usually from clouds ) and undergo changes on the earth 's surface . 
Symbolics ::   symbolics refers to two companies : now - defunct computer manufacturer symbolics , inc. , and a privately held company that acquired the assets of the former company and continues to sell and maintain the open genera lisp system and the macsyma computer algebra system . 
Surfing ::   surfing is a surface water sport in which the wave rider , referred to as a surfer , rides on the forward or deep face of a moving wave , which is usually carrying the surfer towards the shore . 
SMS ::   short message service ( sms ) is a text messaging service component of most telephone , world wide web , and mobile device systems . 
Skewness ::   in probability theory and statistics , skewness is a measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution of a real - valued random variable about its mean . 
Sufism ::   sufism or taṣawwuf ( arabic : الْتَّصَوُّف [ sect ] ; personal noun : صُوفِيّ - " ṣūfiyy"/ " ṣūfī " , مُتَصَوّف - " mutaṣawwūf " ) , which is often defined as " islamic mysticism " , " the inward dimension of islam " , or " the phenomenon of mysticism within islam " , is a mystical trend in islam " characterized ... [ by particular ] values , ritual practices , doctrines and institutions " which began very early on in islamic history and represented " the main manifestation and the most important and central crystallization of " mystical practice in islam . 
Sarawak ::   sarawak (; ) is a state of malaysia . 
Sonnet ::   a sonnet is a poem in a specific form which originated in italy ; giacomo da lentini is credited with its invention . 
Samba ::   samba ( ) is a brazilian musical genre and dance style , with its roots in africa via the west african slave trade and african religious traditions , particularly of angola and the congo , through the samba de roda genre of the northeastern brazilian state of bahia , from which it derived . 
Snowboard ::   snowboards are boards that are usually the width of one 's foot longways , with the ability to glide on snow . 
Stanza ::   in poetry , a stanza (; from italian " stanza " , " room " ) is a grouped set of lines within a poem , usually set off from other stanzas by a blank line or indentation . 
Scurvy ::   scurvy is a disease resulting from a lack of vitamin c. early symptoms include weakness , feeling tired , and sore arms and legs . 
Sushi ::   sushi can be prepared with either brown or white rice . 
Shinto ::   , or kami - no - michi ( among other names ) is the ethnic religion of japan that focuses on ritual practices to be carried out diligently , to establish a connection between present - day japan and its ancient past . 
Switch ::   in electrical engineering , a switch is an electrical component that can " make " or " break " an electrical circuit , interrupting the current or diverting it from one conductor to another . 
Sutra ::   sutra ( iast : " sūtra " ) is a sanskrit word that means " string " or " thread " . 
Samurai ::   in japanese , they are usually referred to as or . 
Slackware ::   slackware is a linux distribution created by patrick volkerding in 1993 . 
Soul ::   in many religious , philosophical and mythological traditions , there is a belief in the incorporeal essence of a living being called the soul . 
Steradian ::   the steradian ( symbol : sr ) or square radian is the si unit of solid angle . 
Sin ::   in a religious context , sin is the act of transgression against divine law . 
SCSI ::   small computer system interface ( scsi , ) is a set of standards for physically connecting and transferring data between computers and peripheral devices . 
Smalltalk ::   smalltalk is an object - oriented , dynamically typed , reflective programming language . 
Samhain ::   samhain ( pronounced or , ) is a gaelic festival marking the end of the harvest season and the beginning of winter or the " darker half " of the year . 
Sigismund ::   sigismund ( variants : sigmund , ) is a german proper name , meaning " protection through victory " , from old high german " sigu " " victory " + " munt " " hand , protection " . 
Solomon ::   solomon (; " šlomo " ; " shlemun " ; ' , also colloquially : ' or ' ; " solomōn " ; ) , also called jedidiah " ' ( hebrew ) , was , according to the hebrew bible ( book of kings : 1 kings 1–11 ; book of chronicles : 1 chronicles 28–29 , 2 chronicles 1–9 ) , quran , hadith and " hidden words " , a fabulously wealthy and wise king of israel who succeeded his father , king david . 
Saul ::   saul (; ; ; , " ṭālūt " or , " sha'ūl " ) , according to the hebrew bible , was the first king of the kingdom of israel and judah . 
Samaria ::   samaria (; , ' , " šōmərôn " ; , ' – also known as , " ") is a name for the mountainous , central region of the ancient eastern mediterranean , based on the borders of the biblical northern kingdom of israel , and especially the israelite tribes of ephraim and manasseh . 
Sennacherib ::   sennacherib ( akkadian : sîn - ahhī - erība , " sîn has replaced the brothers " ; ; ) was the king of assyria from 705   bce to 681   bce . 
Saaremaa ::   saaremaa (; danish : øsel ; english ( esp . traditionally ) : osel ; finnish : saarenmaa ; swedish & german : ösel ) is the largest island in estonia , measuring . 
Single-shot ::   single - shot firearms are firearms that hold only a single round of ammunition , and must be reloaded after each shot . 
Samuel ::   samuel (; ; arabic : " ṣamuil " ; " samouēl " ; ) , is a leader of ancient israel in the books of samuel in the hebrew bible . 
Sidon ::   sidon ( , , " " ; phoenician : 𐤑𐤃𐤍 , " ṣdn " ; biblical hebrew : , " ṣīḏōn " ; ) , translated to ' fishery ' or ' fishing - town ' , is the third - largest city in lebanon . 
Spamming ::   electronic spamming is the use of electronic messaging systems to send an unsolicited message ( spam ) , especially advertising , as well as sending messages repeatedly on the same site . 
Siddur ::   a siddur ( ; plural siddurim סדורים , ) is a jewish prayer book , containing a set order of daily prayers . 
Santorini ::   santorini ( , pronounced ) , classically thera ( english pronunciation ) , and officially thira ( greek : θήρα ) , is an island in the southern aegean sea , about southeast of greece 's mainland . 
Superman ::   superman is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by dc comics . 
Spirituality ::   traditionally , spirituality refers to a religious process of re - formation which " aims to recover the original shape of man , " oriented at " the image of god " as exemplified by the founders and sacred texts of the religions of the world . 
Stuttering ::   stuttering , also known as stammering , is a speech disorder in which the flow of speech is disrupted by involuntary repetitions and prolongations of sounds , syllables , words or phrases as well as involuntary silent pauses or blocks in which the person who stutters is unable to produce sounds . 
Saxony ::   the free state of saxony ( ; ) is a landlocked federal state of germany , bordering the federal states of brandenburg , saxony anhalt , thuringia , and bavaria , as well as the countries of poland ( lower silesian and lubusz voivodeships ) and the czech republic ( karlovy vary , liberec and ústí nad labem regions ) . 
Silesia ::   silesia (; ; ; ; silesian german : " schläsing " ; silesian : " ślůnsk " ; ; ; ) is a region of central europe located mostly in poland , with small parts in the czech republic and germany . 
Sudetes ::   the sudetes are a mountain range in central europe , also known in english ( from their names in german and czech / polish ) as the sudeten or sudety mountains . 
Subud ::   subud ( pronounced ) is an international spiritual movement that began in indonesia in the 1920s , founded by muhammad subuh sumohadiwidjojo . 
Slingshot ::   a slingshot or catapult ( uk ) , ging ( primarily australian and new zealand ) , shanghai ( australian),gulel ( india ) , kettie ( south africa ) , bean shooter , or flip or tirador ( primarily tagalog ) , is normally a small hand - powered projectile weapon . 
Saint ::   a saint ( also historically known as a hallow ) is a person who is recognized as having an exceptional degree of holiness or likeness or closeness to god . 
Szczecin ::   szczecin (; ; german and , known also by other alternative names ) is the capital and largest city of the west pomeranian voivodeship in poland . 
Super-Kamiokande ::   super - kamiokande ( semi - abbreviation of full name : super - kamioka neutrino detection experiment , also abbreviated to super - k or sk ; ) is a neutrino observatory located under mount ikeno near the city of hida , gifu prefecture , japan . 
Skiing ::   skiing can be a means of transport , a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow . 
Solstice ::   the solstice occurs twice each year ( around june 21 and december 21 ) as the sun reaches its most northerly or southerly excursion relative to the celestial equator on the celestial sphere . 
Suebi ::   the suebi ( or suevi , suavi , or suevians ) were a large group of tribes who lived in germania in the time of the roman empire . 
Ski ::   a ski is a narrow strip of semi - rigid material worn underfoot to glide over snow . 
Squirrel ::   squirrels are members of the family sciuridae , a family that includes small or medium - size rodents . 
Shooting ::   shooting is the act or process of discharging projectiles from a ranged weapon such as guns , bows or crossbows and slingshots . 
Sake ::   , also spelled " saké " , ( or american english ) also referred to as a japanese rice wine , is made by fermenting rice that has been polished to remove the bran . 
Skírnir ::   in norse mythology , skírnir ( old norse " bright one " ) is the god freyr 's messenger and vassal . 
Spoonerism ::   a spoonerism is an error in speech or deliberate play on words in which corresponding consonants , vowels , or morphemes are switched ( see metathesis ) between two words in a phrase . 
Self-reference ::   self - reference occurs in natural or formal languages when a sentence , idea or formula refers to itself . 
Serialization ::   in computer science , in the context of data storage , serialization is the process of translating data structures or object state into a format that can be stored ( for example , in a file or memory buffer ) or transmitted ( for example , across a network connection link ) and reconstructed later ( possibly in a different computer environment ) . 
Stuttgart ::   stuttgart ( ; ; swabian : " , ; ) is the capital and largest city of the german state of . 
Soweto ::   soweto ( ) is a township of the city of johannesburg in gauteng , south africa , bordering the city 's mining belt in the south . 
Sampo ::   in finnish mythology , the sampo or sammas was a magical artifact of indeterminate type constructed by ilmarinen that brought riches and good fortune to its holder . 
Sysop ::   a sysop (; an abbreviation of system operator ) is an administrator of a multi - user computer system , such as a bulletin board system ( bbs ) or an online service virtual community . 
Springbok ::   the springbok (; " antidorcas marsupialis " ) is a medium - sized antelope found mainly in southern and southwestern africa . 
Shaka ::   sigidi kasenzangakhona zulu ( c. 1787 – 22 september 1828 ) , also known as shaka zulu ( ) , was one of the most influential monarchs of the zulu kingdom . 
Sinusitis ::   sinusitis , also known as a sinus infection or rhinosinusitis , is inflammation of the sinuses resulting in symptoms . 
Scarlatti ::   scarlatti is an italian surname . 
Seinfeld ::   seinfeld is an american sitcom that ran for nine seasons on nbc , from 1989 to 1998 . 
Sequencing ::   in genetics and biochemistry , sequencing means to determine the primary structure ( sometimes falsely called primary sequence ) of an unbranched biopolymer . sequencing results in a symbolic linear depiction known as a sequence which succinctly summarizes much of the atomic - level structure of the sequenced molecule . 
Stalinism ::   stalinism is the means of governing and related policies implemented by joseph stalin . 
Sukkot ::   sukkot ( or , ' , commonly translated as feast of tabernacles or feast of the ingathering , traditional ashkenazi pronunciation sukkos or succos , literally feast of booths ) is a biblical jewish holiday celebrated on the 15th day of the seventh month , tishrei ( varies from late september to late october ) . 
Selenocysteine ::   selenocysteine ( abbreviated as sec or u , in older publications also as se - cys ) is the 21st proteinogenic amino acid . 
Supervolcano :: 
Sputtering ::   sputtering is a process whereby particles are ejected from a solid target material due to bombardment of the target by energetic particles , particularly gas ions in a laboratory . 
SJK ::   sjk could refer to : 
Smuggling ::   smuggling is the illegal transportation of objects , substances , information or people , such as out of a house or buildings , into a prison , or across an international border , in violation of applicable laws or other regulations . 
Stoichiometry ::   stoichiometry is the calculation of relative quantities of reactants and products in chemical reactions . 
Defamation ::   defamation , calumny , vilification , or traducement is the communication of a false statement that harms the reputation of an individual person , business , product , group , government , religion , or nation . 
Sweetbread ::   sweetbread is a culinary name for the thymus ( also called throat , gullet , or neck sweetbread ) or the pancreas ( also called heart , stomach , or belly sweetbread ) , especially of calf ( " ris de veau " ) and lamb ( " ris d'agneau " ) , and , less commonly , of beef and pork . 
Sabah ::   sabah ( ) is a state of malaysia located on the northern portion of borneo island . 
Sumatra ::   sumatra ( ) is a large island in western indonesia that is part of the sunda islands . 
Sarkel ::   sarkel ( or sharkil , literally " white house " in khazar language ) was a large limestone - and - brick fortress built by the khazars with byzantine assistance in the 830s . 
Squatting ::   squatting is the action of occupying an abandoned or unoccupied area of land or a building , usually residential , that the squatter does not own , rent or otherwise have lawful permission to use . 
Sabermetrics ::   sabermetrics is the empirical analysis of baseball , especially baseball statistics that measure in - game activity . 
Sumbawa ::   sumbawa is an indonesian island , in the middle of the lesser sunda islands chain , with lombok to the west , flores to the east , and sumba further to the southeast . 
SECAM ::   secam , also written sécam ( , " séquentiel couleur à mémoire " , french for " sequential colour with memory " ) , is an analogue color television system first used in france . 
Sleet ::   sleet is a regionally variant term that refers to two distinct forms of precipitation : 
Stethoscope ::   the stethoscope is an acoustic medical device for auscultation , or listening to the internal sounds of an animal or human body . 
Smelting ::   smelting is a form of extractive metallurgy ; its main use is to produce a base metal from its ore . 
Solution ::   in chemistry , a solution is a homogeneous mixture composed of two or more substances . 
Stow-on-the-Wold ::   stow - on - the - wold is a small market town and civil parish in gloucestershire , england . 
Steganography ::   steganography ( ) is the practice of concealing a file , message , image , or video within another file , message , image , or video . 
Synchronization ::   synchronization is the coordination of events to operate a system in unison . 
Sulawesi ::   sulawesi , formerly known as celebes ( or ) , is an island in indonesia . 
Supercontinent ::   in geology , a supercontinent is the assembly of most or all of earth 's continental blocks or cratons to form a single large landmass . 
Styx ::   in greek mythology , styx (; ) is a deity and a river that forms the boundary between earth and the underworld ( the domain often called hades , which also is the name of its ruler ) . 
Sangha ::   sangha (; ; ; ; ) is a word in pali and sanskrit meaning " association " , " assembly " , " company " or " community " and most commonly refers in buddhism to the monastic community of bhikkhus ( monks ) and bhikkhunis ( nuns ) . 
Speed ::   in everyday use and in kinematics , the speed of an object is the magnitude of its velocity ( the rate of change of its position ) ; it is thus a scalar quantity . 
Stereochemistry ::   stereochemistry , a subdiscipline of chemistry , involves the study of the relative spatial arrangement of atoms that form the structure of molecules and their manipulation . 
Simultaneity ::   simultaneity is the relation between two events assumed to be happening at the same time in a frame of reference . 
Spacetime ::   in physics , spacetime is any mathematical model that fuses the three dimensions of space and the one dimension of time into a single four dimensional continuum . 
SameGame ::   " samegame " was originally created as " chain shot ! " in 1985 by kuniaki moribe . 
Sather ::   sather is an object - oriented programming language . 
Serotonin ::   serotonin ( ) or 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-ht ) is a monoamine neurotransmitter . 
Surrealism :: 
Statics ::   " ' is the branch of mechanics that is concerned with the analysis of loads ( force and torque , or " moment " ) acting on physical systems that do not experience an acceleration ( " a"=0 ) , but rather , are in static equilibrium with their environment . 
Self-similarity ::   in mathematics , a self - similar object is exactly or approximately similar to a part of itself ( i.e. the whole has the same shape as one or more of the parts ) . 
Sovereignty ::   sovereignty is the full right and power of a governing body over itself , without any interference from outside sources or bodies . 
SNAFU ::   snafu is an acronym that stands for the sarcastic expression " situation normal : all fucked up " . 
Shabbat ::   shabbat (; , " rest " or " cessation " ) or shabbos ( , ) or the sabbath is judaism 's day of rest and seventh day of the week , on which religious jews and certain christians ( such as seventh day adventists and seventh day baptists ) remember the biblical creation of the heavens and the earth in six days and the exodus of the hebrews , and look forward to a future messianic age . 
Saki ::   hector hugh munro ( 18 december 1870 – 14 november 1916 ) , better known by the pen name saki , and also frequently as h. h. munro , was a british writer whose witty , mischievous and sometimes macabre stories satirize edwardian society and culture . 
Submarine ::   a submarine ( or simply sub ) is a watercraft capable of independent operation underwater . 
Sestina ::   a sestina ( old occitan : " cledisat " ; also known as " sestine " , " sextine " , " sextain " ) is a fixed verse form consisting of six stanzas of six lines each , normally followed by a three - line envoi . 
Song ::   a song , most broadly , is a single ( and often standalone ) work of music that is typically intended to be sung by the human voice with distinct and fixed pitches and patterns using sound and silence and a variety of forms that often include the repetition of sections . 
Sharia ::   sharia , sharia law , or islamic law ( ( ) ) is the religious law forming part of the islamic tradition . 
Sunnah ::   sunnah ( , , , plural ) is the verbally transmitted record of the teachings , deeds and sayings , silent permissions ( or disapprovals ) of the islamic prophet muhammad , as well as various reports about muhammad 's companions . 
Scabies ::   scabies , previously known as the seven - year itch , is a contagious skin infestation by the mite " sarcoptes scabiei " . 
Shiva ::   shiva (; sanskrit : शिव , iast : śiva , lit . " the auspicious one " ) is one of the principal deities of hinduism . 
Syphilis ::   syphilis is a sexually transmitted infection caused by the bacterium " treponema pallidum " subspecies " pallidum " . 
Simile ::   a simile ( ) is a figure of speech that directly " compares " two things . 
Serengeti ::   the serengeti ( ) ecosystem is a geographical region in africa . 
Sigyn ::   in norse mythology , sigyn ( old norse " victorious girl - friend " ) is a goddess and is the wife of loki . 
Surtsey ::   surtsey ( " surtr 's island " in icelandic , pronounced ) is a volcanic island located in the vestmannaeyjar archipelago off the southern coast of iceland . 
Suburb ::   a suburb is a residential area or a mixed use area , either existing as part of a city or urban area or as a separate residential community within commuting distance of a city . 
Srebrenica ::   srebrenica ( , ) is a town in the easternmost republika srpska , bosnia and herzegovina . 
Shetland ::   shetland ( old norse : " hjaltland " ) , also called the shetland islands , is a subarctic archipelago that lies northeast of the island of great britain and forms part of scotland , united kingdom . 
Scorpion ::   scorpions are predatory arachnids of the order scorpiones . 
Shriners ::   shriners international , also commonly known as the shriners , is a society established in 1870 and is headquartered in tampa , florida , usa . 
Seismology ::   seismology (; from ancient greek σεισμός ( " seismós " ) meaning " earthquake " and -λογία ( " -logía " ) meaning " study of " ) is the scientific study of earthquakes and the propagation of elastic waves through the earth or through other planet - like bodies . 
Cyanoacrylate ::   cyanoacrylates are a family of strong fast - acting adhesives with industrial , medical , and household uses . 
Subtitle ::   a subtitle can refer to : 
Solder ::   solder ( , or in north america ) is a fusible metal alloy used to create a permanent bond between metal workpieces . 
Shōgun ::   a was the military dictator of japan during the period from 1185 to 1868 ( with exceptions ) . 
Spyware ::   spyware is software that aims to gather information about a person or organization without their knowledge , that may send such information to another entity without the consumer 's consent , or that asserts control over a device without the consumer 's knowledge . 
Stratego ::   stratego is a strategy board game for two players on a board of 10×10 squares . 
Sindh ::   sindh ( ; ) is one of the four provinces of pakistan , in the southeast of the country . 
Salute ::   a salute is a gesture or other action used to display respect . 
Hyoscine ::   hyoscine , also known as scopolamine , is a medication used to treat motion sickness and postoperative nausea and vomiting . 
Speciation ::   speciation is the evolutionary process by which biological populations evolve to become distinct species . 
SQL ::   sql ( or or , structured query language ) is a domain - specific language used in programming and designed for managing data held in a relational database management system ( rdbms ) , or for stream processing in a relational data stream management system ( rdsms ) . 
Dreamcast ::   the dreamcast is a home video game console released by sega on november 27 , 1998 in japan , september 9 , 1999 in north america , and october 14 , 1999 in europe . 
Superfetation ::   superfetation ( also spelled superfoetation and superfœtation – see fetus ) is the simultaneous occurrence of more than one stage of developing offspring in the same animal . 
Steenbeck ::   steenbeck is a company that manufactures flatbed editors . 
Speciesism ::   speciesism ( ) involves the assignment of different values , rights , or special consideration to individuals solely on the basis of their species membership . 
Szlachta ::   the szlachta ( , exonym : " nobility " ) was a legally privileged noble class in the kingdom of poland , grand duchy of lithuania , ruthenia , samogitia ( both after union of lublin became a single state , the polish – lithuanian commonwealth ) and the zaporozhian host . 
Satyr :: 
SunOS ::   sunos is a unix - branded operating system developed by sun microsystems for their workstation and server computer systems . 
Slayers ::   in the " slayers " universe , the ultimate being is the lord of nightmares , the creator of at least four parallel worlds . 
Semantics ::   semantics ( from " sēmantikos " , " significant " ) is the linguistic and philosophical study of meaning , in language , programming languages , formal logics , and semiotics . 
SSL ::   ssl can refer to : 
Saluki ::   the saluki , also known as persian greyhound , is a dog originally bred in the fertile crescent . 
Sighthound ::   sighthounds , also called " gazehounds " , primarily hunt by sight and speed , rather than by scent and endurance as scent hounds do . 
Sloughi ::   the sloughi is a north african breed of dog , specifically a member of the sighthound family . 
Spaghetti ::   spaghetti ( ) is a long , thin , cylindrical , solid pasta . 
Supersessionism ::   supersessionism , also called replacement theology or fulfillment theology , is a christian doctrine which has parallels in islam . 
SOAP ::   soap ( originally simple object access protocol ) is a protocol specification for exchanging structured information in the implementation of web services in computer networks . 
Spear ::   a spear is a pole weapon consisting of a shaft , usually of wood , with a pointed head . 
Spandrel ::   a spandrel , less often spandril or splaundrel , is the space between two arches or between an arch and a rectangular enclosure . 
SimpleText ::   simpletext is the native text editor for the apple classic mac os . 
Serbia ::   serbia ( , , ) , officially the republic of serbia ( ) , is a landlocked country situated at the crossroads of central and southeast europe in the southern pannonian plain and the central balkans . 
Self-determination ::   the right of people to self - determination is a cardinal principle in modern international law ( commonly regarded as a " jus cogens " rule ) , binding , as such , on the united nations as authoritative interpretation of the charter 's norms . 
Spinor :: 
SIGGRAPH ::   siggraph ( short for special interest group on computer graphics and interactive techniques ) is the name of the annual conference on computer graphics ( cg ) convened by the acm siggraph organization . 
Semtex ::   semtex is a general - purpose plastic explosive containing rdx and petn . 
Schedl ::   schedl is a german surname . 
Spouse ::   a spouse is a life partner in a holy matrimony , marriage , civil union , domestic partnership or common - law marriage . 
Semiotics ::   semiotics ( also called semiotic studies ) ; is the study of meaning - making , the study of sign process ( semiosis ) and meaningful communication . 
STOVL ::   a short take - off and vertical landing aircraft ( stovl aircraft ) is a fixed - wing aircraft that is able to take off from a short runway ( or take off vertically if it does not have a heavy payload ) and land vertically ( i.e. with no runway ) . 
Streptococcus ::   streptococcus is a genus of coccus ( spherical ) gram - positive bacteria belonging to the phylum firmicutes and the order lactobacillales ( lactic acid bacteria ) . 
SignWriting ::   sutton signwriting , or simply , signwriting , is a system of writing sign languages . 
Spectrum ::   a spectrum ( plural " spectra " or " spectrums " ) is a condition that is not limited to a specific set of values but can vary , without steps , across a continuum . 
Starfleet ::   starfleet is a fictional organization in the " star trek " media franchise . 
Shem ::   shem (; ; " sēm " ; ge'ez : ሴም , " sēm " ; " renown ; prosperity ; name " ; arabic : " sām " ) was one of the sons of noah in the hebrew bible as well as in islamic literature . 
Sambuca ::   sambuca ( ) is an italian anise - flavoured , usually colourless , liqueur . 
Slope ::   in mathematics , the slope or gradient of a line is a number that describes both the " direction " and the " steepness " of the line . 
Snake ::   snakes are elongated , legless , carnivorous reptiles of the suborder serpentes . 
Sardinia ::   sardinia ( ; , / , sassarese : " sardhigna " , gallurese : " saldigna " , catalan : " sardenya " , tabarchino : " sardegna " ) is the second largest island in the mediterranean sea ( after sicily and before cyprus ) and an autonomous region of italy . 
Stalactite ::   a stalactite ( , ; from the greek " stalasso " , ( σταλάσσω ) , " to drip " , and meaning " that which drips " ) is a type of formation that hangs from the ceiling of caves , hot springs , or manmade structures such as bridges and mines . 
Summer ::   summer is the hottest of the four temperate seasons , falling after spring and before autumn . 
Shrike ::   shrikes ( ) are carnivorous passerine birds of the family laniidae 
Single-stage-to-orbit ::   a single - stage - to - orbit ( or ssto ) vehicle reaches orbit from the surface of a body without jettisoning hardware , expending only propellants and fluids . 
Sikh ::   a sikh (; ' ) is a person associated with the sikh nation , sharing a common history , culture , language ( punjabi ) and monotheistic religion . 
Superworld ::   superworld is a superhero - themed role - playing game published by chaosium in 1983 . 
Spica ::   spica ( ) , also designated alpha virginis ( α virginis , abbreviated alpha vir , α vir ) , is the brightest star in the constellation of virgo and the 16th brightest star in the night sky . 
Statite ::   a statite ( a portmanteau of " static " and " satellite " ) is a hypothetical type of artificial satellite that employs a solar sail to continuously modify its orbit in ways that gravity alone would not allow . 
Sabellianism ::   in christianity , sabellianism in the eastern church or patripassianism in the western church ( also known as modalism , modalistic monarchianism , or modal monarchism ) is the nontrinitarian or anti - trinitarian belief that the heavenly father , resurrected son , and holy spirit are three different " modes " or " aspects " of one monadic god , as perceived by " the believer " , rather than three distinct persons within the godhead — that there are no real or substantial differences among the three , such that there is no substantial identity for the spirit or the son . 
Sonar ::   sonar ( originally an acronym for sound navigation and 
Slavs ::   slavs are an indo - european ethno - linguistic group , who speak various slavic languages of the balto - slavic language group . 
Skylab ::   skylab was the united states ' first and only space station , orbiting earth from 1973 to 1979 , when it fell back to earth amid huge worldwide media attention . 
StrongARM ::   the strongarm is a family of computer microprocessors developed by digital equipment corporation and manufactured in the late 1990s which implemented the arm v4 instruction set architecture . 
Stasi ::   the ministry for state security ( , mfs ) or state security service ( " staatssicherheitsdienst " , ssd ) , commonly known as the stasi ( ) , was the official state security service of the german democratic republic ( east germany ) . 
Smallfilms ::   smallfilms is a british television producution company which made animated tv programmes for children from 1959 until the 1980s . 
Sabotage ::   sabotage is a deliberate action aimed at weakening a polity or corporation through subversion , obstruction , disruption or destruction . 
Scabbard ::   a scabbard is a sheath for holding a sword , knife , or other large blade . 
Spinel ::   spinel ( ) is the magnesium aluminium member of the larger spinel group of minerals . 
Sapphire ::   sapphire is a gemstone , a variety of the mineral corundum , an aluminium oxide ( ) . 
SADC ::   sadc may stand for : 
Salvation ::   salvation (; ; ; ) is being saved or protected from harm or being saved or delivered from a dire situation . 
Seabee ::   united states naval construction battalions , better known as the seabees , form the naval construction force of the united states navy . 
Skyscraper ::   a skyscraper is a tall , continuously habitable building having multiple floors . 
Staind ::   staind ( ) is an american rock band formed in 1995 . 
Simula ::   simula is the name of two simulation programming languages , simula i and simula 67 , developed in the 1960s at the norwegian computing center in oslo , by ole - johan dahl and kristen nygaard . 
SNOBOL ::   snobol ( " string oriented and symbolic language " ) is a series of computer programming languages developed between 1962 and 1967 at at&t bell laboratories by david j. farber , ralph e. griswold and ivan p. polonsky , culminating in snobol4 . 
Self-replication ::   self - replication is any behavior of a dynamical system that yields construction of an identical copy of itself . 
Gavinus ::   saint gavinus ( ) is a christian saint who is greatly celebrated in sardinia , italy , as one of the martyrs of torres ( ) , along with his companions ss   protus and januarius . 
Sienna ::   sienna ( from , " siena earth " ) is an earth pigment containing iron oxide and manganese oxide . 
Scansano ::   scansano is a town and comune , of medieval origin , in the tuscan province of grosseto , italy . 
Scatology ::   in medicine and biology , scatology or coprology is the study of feces . 
Sigma-algebra ::   in mathematical analysis and in probability theory , a σ-algebra ( also σ-field ) on a set " x " is a collection σ of subsets of " x " that includes the empty subset , is closed under complement , and is closed under countable unions and countable intersections . 
Sextant ::   a sextant is a doubly reflecting navigation instrument that measures the angular distance between two visible objects . 
Stellarator ::   a stellarator is a device used to confine hot plasma with magnetic fields in order to sustain a controlled nuclear fusion reaction . 
SYSTRAN ::   systran , founded by dr. peter toma in 1968 , is one of the oldest machine translation companies . 
Sprite ::   sprite most commonly refers to : sprite or sprite may also refer to : 
Syncopation ::   in music , syncopation involves a variety of rhythms which are in some way unexpected which make part or all of a tune or piece of music off - beat . 
Strategy ::   strategy ( from greek στρατηγία " stratēgia " , " art of troop leader ; office of general , command , generalship " ) is a high level plan to achieve one or more goals under conditions of uncertainty . 
Syncretism ::   syncretism ( ) is the combining of different beliefs , while blending practices of various schools of thought . 
Subject–verb–object ::   in linguistic typology , subject– 
Skopje ::   skopje ( , ) is the capital and largest city of the republic of macedonia . 
Siberia ::   siberia (; ) is an extensive geographical region , and by the broadest definition is also known as north asia . 
Senary ::   the senary numeral system ( also known as base-6 or heximal ) has six as its base . 
Salamander ::   salamanders are a group of amphibians typically characterized by a lizard - like appearance , with slender bodies , blunt snouts , short limbs projecting at right angles to the body , and the presence of a tail in both larvae and adults . 
Syringomyelia ::   syringomyelia is a generic term referring to a disorder in which a cyst or cavity forms within the spinal cord . 
Trade ::   trade involves the transfer of goods or services from one person or entity to another , often in exchange for money . 
Tambourine ::   the tambourine is a musical instrument in the percussion family consisting of a frame , often of wood or plastic , with pairs of small metal jingles , called " zils " . 
Tennis ::   tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent ( singles ) or between two teams of two players each ( doubles ) . 
Tourism ::   tourism is travel for pleasure or business ; also the theory and practice of touring , the business of attracting , accommodating , and entertaining tourists , and the business of operating tours . 
Texas ::   texas ( , ; , ) is the second largest state in the united states by both area and population . 
Tort ::   a tort , in common law jurisdictions , is a civil wrong that causes someone else to suffer loss or harm resulting in legal liability for the person who commits the tortious act . 
Technology ::   technology ( " science of craft " , from greek , " techne " , " art , skill , cunning of hand " ; and , " -logia " ) is the collection of techniques , skills , methods , and processes used in the production of goods or services or in the accomplishment of objectives , such as scientific investigation . 
Terraforming ::   terraforming ( literally , " earth - shaping " ) of a planet , moon , or other body is the hypothetical process of deliberately modifying its atmosphere , temperature , surface topography or ecology to be similar to the environment of earth to make it habitable by earth - like life . 
Television ::   television ( tv ) is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images in monochrome ( black and white ) , or in colour , and in two or three dimensions and sound . 
Americas ::   the americas ( also collectively called america ) comprise the totality of the continents of north and south america . 
Trombone ::   the trombone is a musical instrument in the brass family . 
Truth ::   truth is most often used to mean being in accord with fact or reality , or fidelity to an original or standard . 
Telepathy ::   telepathy ( from the greek τῆλε , " tele " meaning " distant " and πάθος , " pathos " or " -patheia " meaning " feeling , perception , passion , affliction , experience " ) is the purported transmission of information from one person to another without using any of our known sensory channels or physical interaction . 
Tasmania ::   tasmania (; , abbreviated as tas and known colloquially as " tassie " ) is an island state of australia . 
Thermodynamics ::   thermodynamics is a branch of physics concerned with heat and temperature and their relation to energy and work . 
Topology ::   in mathematics , topology ( from the greek τόπος , " place " , and λόγος , " study " ) is concerned with the properties of space that are preserved under continuous deformations , such as stretching , crumpling and bending , but not tearing or gluing . 
Troll ::   a troll is a class of being in norse mythology and scandinavian folklore . 
Tensor ::   in mathematics , tensors are geometric objects that describe linear relations between geometric vectors , scalars , and other tensors . 
Tarragon ::   tarragon ( " artemisia dracunculus " ) , also known as estragon , is a species of perennial herb in the sunflower family . 
Thyme ::   thyme ( ) is an aromatic perennial evergreen herb with culinary , medicinal , and ornamental uses . 
Tea ::   tea is an aromatic beverage commonly prepared by pouring hot or boiling water over cured leaves of the " camellia sinensis " , an evergreen shrub native to asia . 
Tank ::   a tank is an armoured fighting vehicle designed for front - line combat , with heavy firepower , strong armour , and tracks providing good battlefield maneuverability . 
Turmeric ::   turmeric ( " curcuma longa " ) ( ) is a rhizomatous herbaceous perennial plant of the ginger family , zingiberaceae . 
Taco ::   a taco is a traditional mexican dish composed of a corn or wheat tortilla folded or rolled around a filling . 
Tenochtitlan ::   tenochtitlan ( , ) , originally known as méxico - tenochtitlan ( ) , was a mexica city - state on an island in lake texcoco in the valley of mexico . 
Triassic ::   the triassic ( ) is a geologic period and system which spans 50.9 million years from the end of the permian period 251.902 million years ago ( mya ) , to the beginning of the jurassic period mya . 
Telephone ::   a telephone , or phone , is a telecommunications device that permits two or more users to conduct a conversation when they are too far apart to be heard directly . 
Telefónica ::   telefónica , s.a. ( ) is a spanish multinational broadband and telecommunications provider with operations in europe , asia , and north , central and south america . 
Telegraphy ::   telegraphy ( from greek : τῆλε " têle " , " at a distance " and γράφειν " gráphein " , " to write " ) is the long - distance transmission of textual or symbolic ( as opposed to verbal or audio ) messages without the physical exchange of an object bearing the message . 
Transistor ::   a transistor is a semiconductor device used to amplify or switch electronic signals and electrical power . 
Time ::   time is the indefinite continued progress of existence and events that occur in apparently irreversible succession from the past through the present to the future . 
Tifinagh ::   tifinagh (; also written in the berber latin alphabet ; neo - tifinagh : ; tuareg tifinagh : or ) is an abjad script used to write the berber languages . 
Mort ::   mort is a " discworld " novel by terry pratchett . 
Titanium ::   titanium is a chemical element with symbol ti and atomic number 22 . 
Technetium ::   technetium is a chemical element with symbol tc and atomic number 43 . 
Tin ::   tin is a chemical element with symbol sn ( from ) and atomic number 50 . 
Tellurium ::   tellurium is a chemical element with symbol   te and atomic number   52 . 
Thorium ::   thorium is a chemical element with symbol th and atomic number 90 . 
Terbium ::   terbium is a chemical element with symbol tb and atomic number 65 . 
Tungsten ::   tungsten is a chemical element with symbol w and atomic number 74 . 
Thulium ::   thulium is a chemical element with symbol tm and atomic number 69 . 
Tantalum ::   tantalum is a chemical element with symbol ta and atomic number 73 . 
Torch ::   a torch is a stick with combustible material at one end , which is ignited and used as a light source . 
Tokyo ::   tokyo ( , ) , officially tokyo metropolis , is the capital city of japan and one of its 47 prefectures . 
Troy ::   troy ( , " troia " and , " ilion " , or , " ilios " ; and ; hittite : " wilusha " or " truwisha " ; ) was a city situated in the far northwest of the region known in late classical antiquity as asia minor , now known as anatolia in modern turkey , near ( just south of ) the southwest mouth of the dardanelles strait and northwest of mount ida . 
Tübingen ::   tübingen ( , ) is a traditional university town in central baden - württemberg , germany . 
TeX ::   tex ( or , see below ) , stylized within the system as tex , is a typesetting system ( or " formatting system " ) designed and mostly written by donald knuth and released in 1978 . 
Tradition ::   a tradition is a belief or behavior passed down within a group or society with symbolic meaning or special significance with origins in the past . 
T ::   t ( named " tee " ) is the 20th letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Tiger ::   the tiger ( " panthera tigris " ) is the largest cat species , most recognizable for their pattern of dark vertical stripes on reddish - orange fur with a lighter underside . 
Thyroid ::   the thyroid gland , or simply the thyroid , is an endocrine gland in the neck , consisting of two lobes connected by an isthmus . 
Theodicy ::   theodicy ( ) , in its most common form , is an attempt to answer the question of why a good god permits the manifestation of evil . 
Tajikistan ::   tajikistan ( , , or ; ; ) , officially the republic of tajikistan ( , " çumhuriji toçikiston " , ) , is a mountainous , landlocked country in central asia with an estimated population of million people as of , and an area of . 
Tanzania ::   tanzania ( ) , officially the united republic of tanzania ( ) , is a country in eastern africa within the african great lakes region . 
Thailand ::   thailand ( ) , officially the kingdom of thailand and formerly known as siam , is a country at the centre of the indochinese peninsula in southeast asia . 
Togo ::   togo ( ) , officially the togolese republic ( ) , is a country in west africa bordered by ghana to the west , benin to the east and burkina faso to the north . 
Tokelau ::   tokelau (; lit . " north - northeast " . ) 
Tonga ::   tonga ( or ; tongan : " puleʻanga fakatuʻi ʻo tonga " ) , officially the kingdom of tonga , is a polynesian sovereign state and archipelago comprising 169 islands , of which 36 are inhabited . 
Tunisia ::   tunisia ( english : /tuˈniʒə/ ; ' ; " tunes " ; ) , officially the republic of tunisia ( ' ; ) is a country in north africa , covering . 
Tuvalu ::   tuvalu ( or ) , formerly known as the ellice islands , is a polynesian island nation located in the pacific ocean , about midway between hawaii and australia , lying east - northeast of the santa cruz islands ( belonging to the solomons ) , southeast of nauru , south of kiribati , west of tokelau , northwest of samoa and wallis and futuna and north of fiji . 
Tertiary ::   tertiary is the former term for the geologic period from 65 million to 2.58 million years ago , a timespan that occurs between the superseded secondary period and the quaternary . 
Tonyukuk ::   tonyukuk ( old turkic : " bilge tuňuquq " , born c. 646 , died c. 726 ) was the baga - tarkhan ( military leader ) of four göktürk khagans , the best known of whom is bilge khan . 
Tyburn ::   tyburn was a village in the county of middlesex close to the current location of marble arch and the southern end of edgware road in present - day london . 
Tax ::   a tax ( from the latin " taxo " ) is a mandatory financial charge or some other type of levy imposed upon a taxpayer ( an individual or other legal entity ) by a governmental organization in order to fund various public expenditures . 
Transhumanism ::   transhumanism ( abbreviated as h+ or h+ ) is an international intellectual movement that aims to transform the human condition by developing and making widely available sophisticated technologies to greatly enhance human intellect and physiology . 
Thallium ::   thallium is a chemical element with symbol   tl and atomic number   81 . 
Trier ::   trier (; ) , formerly known in english as treves ( , ) and triers ( see also names in other languages ) , is a city in germany on the banks of the moselle . 
Ton ::   the ton is a unit of measure . 
Tetraodontiformes ::   the tetraodontiformes are an order of highly derived ray - finned fish , also called the plectognathi . 
Thesaurus ::   in general usage , a thesaurus is a reference work that lists words grouped together according to similarity of meaning ( containing synonyms and sometimes antonyms ) , in contrast to a dictionary , which provides definitions for words , and generally lists them in alphabetical order . 
Tetris ::   tetris ( , pronounced ) is a tile - matching puzzle video game , originally designed and programmed by russian game designer alexey pajitnov . 
Transliteration ::   transliteration is a type of conversion of a text from one script to another that involves swapping letters ( thus " trans- " + " liter- " ) in predictable ways ( such as α → a , д → d , χ → ch , or æ → e ) . 
Torah ::   the torah (; , " instruction , teaching " ) is the central reference of judaism . 
Tanakh ::   the tanakh (; , or ; also " tenakh " , " tenak " , " tanach " ) , also called the " mikra " or hebrew bible , is the canonical collection of jewish texts , which is also a textual source for the christian old testament . 
Talmud ::   the talmud (; hebrew : ' " instruction , learning " , from a root ' " teach , study " ) is a central text of rabbinic judaism . 
TWERPS ::   twerps ( the world 's easiest role - playing system ) is a minimalist role - playing game ( rpg ) originally created by reindeer games ( whose sole product was the " twerps " line ) and distributed by gamescience . 
Trumpet ::   a trumpet is a blown musical instrument commonly used in classical and jazz ensembles . 
Thelema ::   thelema ( ) is a social or spiritual philosophy derived from western esotericism . 
Tiber ::   the tiber ( , latin " tiberis " , italian " " , ) is the third - longest river in italy , rising in the apennine mountains in emilia - romagna and flowing through tuscany , umbria and lazio , where it is joined by the river aniene , to the tyrrhenian sea , between ostia and fiumicino . 
Taoism ::   taoism ( or ) , also known as daoism , is a religious or philosophical tradition of chinese origin which emphasizes living in harmony with the " tao " ( , literally " way " , also romanized as " dao " ) . 
Torr ::   the torr ( symbol : torr ) is a unit of pressure based on an absolute scale , now defined as exactly of a standard atmosphere . 
Thermochemistry ::   thermochemistry is the study of the heat energy associated with chemical reactions and/or physical transformations . 
Taekwondo ::   taekwondo ( , ; from korean " taegwondo " ) is a korean martial art , characterized by its emphasis on head - height kicks , jumping and spinning kicks , and fast kicking techniques . 
Targum ::   the targumim ( singular : " targum " , ) were spoken paraphrases , explanations and expansions of the jewish scriptures ( also called the tanakh ) that a rabbi would give in the common language of the listeners , which was then often aramaic . 
Tosefta ::   the tosefta ( talmudic aramaic : תוספתא , " supplement , addition " ) is a compilation of the jewish oral law from the late 2nd century , the period of the mishnah . 
Thylacine ::   the thylacine ( , or , also ; " thylacinus cynocephalus " ) was the largest known carnivorous marsupial of modern times . 
Thermophile ::   a thermophile is an organism — a type of extremophile — that thrives at relatively high temperatures , between . 
Tennessee ::   tennessee (; ) is a state located in the southeastern region of the united states . 
Torque ::   torque , moment , or moment of force is rotational force . 
Tetromino ::   a tetromino is a geometric shape composed of four squares , connected orthogonally . 
Inklings ::   the inklings was an informal literary discussion group associated with the university of oxford , england , for nearly two decades between the early 1930s and late 1949 . 
Treaty ::   a treaty is an agreement under international law entered into by actors in international law , namely sovereign states and international organizations . 
Tutankhamun ::   tutankhamun (; alternatively spelled with " tutenkh- " , " -amen " , " -amon " ) was an egyptian pharaoh of the 18th dynasty ( ruled c. 1332–1323 bc in the conventional chronology ) , during the period of egyptian history known as the new kingdom or sometimes the new empire period . 
Totalitarianism ::   totalitarianism is a political system in which the state recognizes no limits to its authority and strives to regulate every aspect of public and private life wherever feasible . 
Tyrannosaurus ::   tyrannosaurus is a genus of coelurosaurian theropod dinosaur . 
Thiamine ::   thiamine , also known as thiamin or vitamin b , is a vitamin found in food and used as a dietary supplement . 
Theology ::   theology is the critical study of the nature of the divine . 
Trinity ::   the christian doctrine of the trinity ( , from ) holds that god is three consubstantial persons or " hypostases "— the father , the son ( jesus christ ) , and the holy spirit — as " one god in three divine persons " . 
Toxicology ::   toxicology is a discipline , overlapping with biology , chemistry , pharmacology , medicine , and nursing , that involves the study of the adverse effects of chemical substances on living organisms and the practice of diagnosing and treating exposures to toxins and toxicants . 
Tiberius ::   tiberius (; 16 november 42 bc – 16 march 37 ad ) was roman emperor from 14 ad to 37 ad . 
Alhambra ::   the alhambra (; ; , " al - ḥamrā " , lit . " 
Theogony ::   the theogony ( , " theogonía " , , i.e. " the genealogy or birth of the gods " ) is a poem by hesiod ( 8th – 7th century bc ) describing the origins and genealogies of the greek gods , composed c. 700 bc . 
Tattoo ::   a tattoo is a form of body modification where a design is made by inserting ink , dyes and pigments , either indelible or temporary , into the dermis layer of the skin to change the pigment . 
Levellers ::   the levellers was a political movement during the english civil war ( 1642–1651 ) that emphasized popular sovereignty , extended suffrage , equality before the law , and religious tolerance , all of which were expressed in the manifesto " agreement of the people " . 
Tallage ::   tallage or talliage ( from the french " tailler , i.e. " a part cut out of the whole ) may have signified at first any tax , but became in england and france a land use or land tenure tax . 
Týr ::   týr (; old norse : " týr " ) is a germanic god associated with law and heroic glory in norse mythology , portrayed as one - handed . 
Trajan ::   trajan (; ; 18 september 538august 117 ad ) was roman emperor from 98 to 117ad . 
Tribune ::   tribunus , in english tribune , was the title of various elected officials in ancient rome . 
Train ::   a train is a form of rail transport consisting of a series of connected vehicles that usually runs along a rail track to transport cargo or passengers . 
Trimalchio ::   trimalchio is a character in the 1st century ad roman work of fiction " satyricon " by petronius . 
Tetrahedron ::   in geometry , a tetrahedron ( plural : tetrahedra or tetrahedrons ) , also known as a triangular pyramid , is a polyhedron composed of four triangular faces , six straight edges , and four vertex corners . 
Keirin ::   races are about long : 8 laps on a track , 6 laps on a track , 5 laps on a track . 
Taliban ::   the taliban ( ' " students " ) , alternatively spelled taleban , which refers to itself as the islamic emirate of afghanistan ( iea ) , is a sunni islamic fundamentalist political movement in afghanistan currently waging war ( an insurgency , or jihad ) within that country . 
Terrorism ::   terrorism is , in the broadest sense , the use of intentionally indiscriminate violence as a means to create terror , or fear , to achieve a political , religious or ideological aim . 
Buzzcocks ::   buzzcocks are an english punk rock band , formed in bolton , england in 1976 by singer - songwriter - guitarist pete shelley and singer - songwriter howard devoto . 
Timor ::   timor is an island at the southern end of maritime southeast asia , north of the timor sea . 
Tetracycline ::   tetracycline , sold under the brand name sumycin among others , is an antibiotic used to treat a number of infections . 
Trypsin ::   trypsin ( ) is a serine protease from the pa clan superfamily , found in the digestive system of many vertebrates , where it hydrolyses proteins . 
Tuberculosis ::   tuberculosis ( tb ) is an infectious disease usually caused by the bacterium " mycobacterium tuberculosis " ( mtb ) . 
Triangle ::   a triangle is a polygon with three edges and three vertices . 
Terabyte ::   the terabyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
Triangulum ::   triangulum is a small constellation in the northern sky . 
Tucana ::   tucana is a constellation of stars in the southern sky , named after the toucan , a south american bird . 
Telescopium ::   telescopium is a minor constellation in the southern celestial hemisphere , one of twelve named in the 18th century by french astronomer nicolas - louis de lacaille and one of several depicting scientific instruments . 
Trivium ::   the trivium is the lower division of the seven liberal arts and comprises grammar , logic , and rhetoric ( input , process , and output ) . 
Tool ::   a tool is any physical item that can be used to achieve a goal , especially if the item is not consumed in the process . 
Toho ::   toho 's most famous creation is godzilla , who features in 29 of the company 's films . 
TNT ::   trinitrotoluene (; tnt ) , or more specifically 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene , is a chemical compound with the formula ch(no)ch . 
Toluene ::   toluene , also known as toluol , is a colorless , water - insoluble liquid with the smell associated with paint thinners . 
Tide ::   tides are the rise and fall of sea levels caused by the combined effects of the gravitational forces exerted by the moon and the sun and the rotation of earth . 
Theremin ::   the theremin (; originally known as the ætherphone / etherphone , thereminophone or termenvox / thereminvox ) is an electronic musical instrument controlled without physical contact by the thereminist ( performer ) . 
Tram ::   a tram ( also tramcar ; and in north america streetcar , trolley or trolley car ) is a rail vehicle which runs on tracks along public urban streets , and also sometimes on a segregated right of way . 
Tlaloc ::   tlaloc ( ) was a member of the pantheon of gods in aztec religion . 
Theory ::   a theory is a contemplative and rational type of abstract or generalizing thinking , or the results of such thinking . 
TRS-80 ::   the trs-80 micro computer system ( trs-80 ; later known as the model i to distinguish it from successors ) is a desktop microcomputer launched in 1977 and sold by tandy corporation through their radio shack stores . 
Terence ::   publius terentius afer (; c. 195/185 – c. 159 ? 
Traducianism ::   in christian theology , traducianism is a doctrine about the origin of the soul ( or synonymously , " spirit " ) , holding that this immaterial aspect is transmitted through natural generation along with the body , the material aspect of human beings . 
Tuatara ::   tuatara are reptiles endemic to new zealand . 
Polytetrafluoroethylene ::   polytetrafluoroethylene ( ptfe ) is a synthetic fluoropolymer of tetrafluoroethylene that has numerous applications . 
Truso ::   truso , situated on lake drużno , was an old prussian ( pomesanian ) town near the baltic sea just east of the vistula river . 
Tao ::   tao or dao ( , ; ) is a chinese word signifying ' way ' , ' path ' , ' route ' , ' road ' , ' choose ' , ' key ' or sometimes more loosely ' doctrine ' , ' principle ' or ' holistic science ' . 
Troff ::   troff is the major component of a document processing system developed by at&t corporation for the unix operating system . 
Taoiseach ::   the taoiseach ( , " pl . " taoisigh ; ) is the prime minister , chief executive and head of government of ireland . 
Tetrarchy ::   the term tetrarchy ( from the , " tetrarchia " , " leadership of four [ people ] " ) describes any form of government where power is divided among four individuals , but in modern usage usually refers to the system instituted by roman emperor diocletian in 293 , marking the end of the crisis of the third century and the recovery of the roman empire . 
Theism ::   theism is broadly defined as the belief in the existence of a deity or deities . 
Tiramisu ::   tiramisu ( from the italian language , spelled " tiramisù " , meaning " pick me up " , " cheer me up " or " lift me up " ) is a popular coffee - flavoured italian custard dessert . 
Turbine ::   a turbine ( from the latin " turbo " , a vortex , related to the greek , " tyrbē " , meaning " turbulence " ) is a rotary mechanical device that extracts energy from a fluid flow and converts it into useful work . 
Transylvania ::   transylvania is a historical region in today 's central romania . 
Towpath ::   a towpath is a road or trail on the bank of a river , canal , or other inland waterway . 
Tex-Mex ::   tex - mex ( from texan and mexican ) is a fusion of united states cuisine and mexican cuisines , deriving from the culinary creations of tejanos . 
Trick-or-treating ::   trick - or - treating is a halloween ritual - begging custom for children and adults in many countries . 
Thucydides ::   thucydides (; , " " , ; bc ) was an athenian historian and general . 
Tatting ::   tatting is a technique for handcrafting a particularly durable lace from a series of knots and loops . 
Theocracy ::   theocracy is a form of government in which a deity is the source from which all authority derives . 
Tékumel ::   tékumel is a fantasy world created by m. a. r. barker over the course of several decades from around 1940 . 
Turbocharger ::   a turbocharger , or colloquially turbo , is a turbine - driven forced induction device that increases an internal combustion engine 's efficiency and power output by forcing extra air into the combustion chamber . 
Truro ::   truro (; ) is a city and civil parish in cornwall , england , united kingdom . 
Transformer ::   a transformer is an electrical device that transfers electrical energy between two or more circuits through electromagnetic induction . 
Transubstantiation ::   transubstantiation ( in latin , " transsubstantiatio " , in greek μετουσίωσις metousiosis ) is , according to the teachings of the catholic church , the change of substance by which the bread and wine offered in the sacrifice of the sacrament of the eucharist during the mass , become , in reality , the body and blood of jesus . 
Triage ::   triage ( or // ) is the process of determining the priority of patients ' treatments based on the severity of their condition . 
Throughput ::   in general terms , throughput is the maximum rate of production or the maximum rate at which something can be processed . 
Trekker ::   trekker can refer to : 
TiVo ::   tivo ( ) is a digital video recorder ( dvr ) developed and marketed by tivo corporation and introduced in 1999 . 
Tacticity ::   tacticity ( from greek τακτικός " taktikos " " of or relating to arrangement or order " ) is the relative stereochemistry of adjacent chiral centers within a macromolecule . 
Tobacco ::   tobacco is a product prepared from the leaves of the tobacco plant by curing them . 
Time-sharing ::   in computing , time - sharing is the sharing of a computing resource among many users by means of multiprogramming and multi - tasking at the same time . 
Tuba ::   the tuba ( or ; ) is the largest and lowest - pitched musical instrument in the brass family . 
Tempo ::   in musical terminology , tempo ( " time " in italian ; plural : " tempi " ) is the speed or pace of a given piece . 
Theorem ::   in mathematics , a theorem is a statement that has been proved on the basis of previously established statements , such as other theorems , and generally accepted statements , such as axioms . 
Tory ::   a tory ( ) holds a political philosophy ( toryism ) based on a british version of traditionalism and conservatism , which upholds the supremacy of social order as it has evolved throughout history . 
Testosterone ::   testosterone is the primary male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid . 
Toyota ::   toyota is the world 's market leader in sales of hybrid electric vehicles , and one of the largest companies to encourage the mass - market adoption of hybrid vehicles across the globe . 
Thermocouple ::   a thermocouple is an electrical device consisting of two dissimilar electrical conductors forming electrical junctions at differing temperatures . 
Thermistor ::   a thermistor is a type of resistor whose resistance is dependent on temperature , more so than in standard resistors . 
Thermometer ::   a thermometer is a device that measures temperature or a temperature gradient . 
Theravada ::   theravāda ( pali , literally " school of the elder monks " ) is a branch of buddhism that uses the buddha 's teaching preserved in the pāli canon as its doctrinal core . 
Trabant ::   the trabant (; ) is an automobile produced from 1957 to 1990 by former east german car manufacturer veb sachsenring automobilwerke zwickau in zwickau , saxony . 
Triple ::   triple is used in several contexts to mean " threefold " or a " treble " : 
Teletubbies ::   teletubbies is a british pre - school children 's television series created by ragdoll productions ' anne wood and andrew davenport . 
Triode ::   a triode is an electronic amplifying vacuum tube ( or " valve " in british english ) consisting of three electrodes inside an evacuated glass envelope : a heated filament or cathode , a grid , and a plate ( anode ) . 
Turboprop ::   a turboprop engine is a turbine engine that drives an aircraft propeller . 
Trakehner ::   trakehner is a light warmblood breed of horse , originally developed at the east prussian state stud farm in the town of trakehnen from which the breed takes its name . 
Tempera ::   tempera ( ) , also known as egg tempera , is a permanent , fast - drying painting medium consisting of colored pigments mixed with a water - soluble binder medium ( usually a glutinous material such as egg yolk or some other size ) . 
Telnet ::   telnet is a protocol used on the internet or local area networks to provide a bidirectional interactive text - oriented communication facility using a virtual terminal connection . 
Themistocles ::   themistocles (; " themistoklẽs " ; " glory of the law " ; c. 524–459   bc ) was an athenian politician and general . 
Toonie ::   the canadian two - dollar coin , commonly called the toonie , is the most valuable of the frequently used canadian coins . 
Tirana ::   tirana (; ; ) is the capital and largest city of albania . 
Teaspoon ::   a teaspoon is an item of cutlery , a measuring instrument , of approximately 5ml , or a unit of measurement of volume ( usually abbreviated " tsp . " ) . 
Tablespoon ::   a tablespoon is a large spoon used for serving or eating . 
Masaccio ::   masaccio (; december 21 , 1401 – summer 1428 ) , born tommaso di ser giovanni di simone , was the first great italian painter of the quattrocento period of the italian renaissance . 
Titanite ::   titanite , or sphene ( from the greek " sphenos " ( σφηνώ ) , meaning wedge ) , is a calcium titanium nesosilicate mineral , catisio. trace impurities of iron and aluminium are typically present . 
Trackball ::   a trackball is a pointing device consisting of a ball held by a socket containing sensors to detect a rotation of the ball about two axis — like an upside - down mouse with an exposed protruding ball . 
Tesseract ::   in geometry , the tesseract is the four - dimensional analog of the cube ; the tesseract is to the cube as the cube is to the square . 
Theophanu ::   theophanu ( , " theophano " ; c. 955june 15 , 991 ) , also spelled theophania ( " θεοφάνια " ) , theophana or theophano , was an empress consort of the holy roman empire by marriage to holy roman emperor otto ii , and regent of the holy roman empire during the minority of her son from 983 until her death in 991 . 
Theobromine ::   theobromine , formerly known as xantheose , is a bitter alkaloid of the cacao plant , with the chemical formula chno . 
Thuringia ::   the free state of thuringia (; , ) is a federal state in central germany . 
Twiglets ::   twiglets are a wheat - based snack with a " distinctive knobbly shape " similar to that of a small twig . 
Tsunami ::   a tsunami ( from , " harbour wave " ; english pronunciation : ) or tidal wave , also known as a seismic sea wave , is a series of waves in a water body caused by the displacement of a large volume of water , generally in an ocean or a large lake . 
Tarot ::   the tarot (; first known as trionfi and later as tarocchi , tarock , and others ) is a pack of playing cards , used from the mid-15th century in various parts of europe to play games such as italian tarocchini and french tarot . 
Thuban ::   thuban , also designated alpha draconis ( α draconis , abbreviated alpha dra , α dra ) , is a star ( or star system ) in the constellation of draco . 
Tonne ::   the tonne ( ) ( non - preferred si derived unit ; si   symbol :   t ) , commonly referred to as the metric ton in the united states , is a non - si metric unit of mass equal to 1,000   kilograms ; or one megagram ( mg ) ; it is equivalent to approximately pounds , or 0.984 long tons ( imperial ) . 
TrueType ::   truetype is an outline font standard developed by apple and microsoft in the late 1980s as a competitor to adobe 's type 1 fonts used in postscript . 
Trireme ::   a trireme (; derived from latin : " trirēmis " " with three banks of oars " ; " triērēs " , literally " three - rower " ) was an ancient vessel and a type of galley that was used by the ancient maritime civilizations of the mediterranean , especially the phoenicians , ancient greeks and romans . 
Tertullian ::   tertullian ( ) , full name " quintus septimius florens tertullianus " , c. 155 – c. 240 ad , was a prolific early christian author from carthage in the roman province of africa . 
Typography ::   typography is the art and technique of arranging type to make written language legible , readable , and appealing when displayed . 
Tripoli ::   tripoli ( , ; berber : " ṭrables " ) is the capital city and the largest city of libya . 
Trigun ::   both manga were adapted into an anime television series in 1998 . 
Teleprinter ::   a teleprinter ( teletypewriter , teletype or tty ) is an electromechanical typewriter that can be used to send and receive typed messages from point to point and point - to - multipoint over various types of communications channels . 
Theseus ::   theseus (; ) was the mythical king and founder - hero of athens . 
Tadoma ::   tadoma is a method of communication used by deafblind individuals , in which the deafblind person places their thumb on the speaker 's lips and their fingers along the jawline . 
Toruń ::   toruń ( ) is a city in northern poland , on the vistula river . 
Tigris ::   the tigris (; sumerian : " idigna " " idigina " ; akkadian : " " ; " dijlah " ; ; ; , " hiddekel " ; ; ) is the eastern member of the two great rivers that define mesopotamia , the other being the euphrates . 
Titration ::   titration , also known as titrimetry , is a common laboratory method of quantitative chemical analysis that is used to determine the unknown concentration of an identified analyte . 
TurboGrafx-16 ::   the turbografx-16 entertainment supersystem , known in japan and france as the , is a home video game console jointly developed by hudson soft and nec home electronics , released in japan on october 30 , 1987 and in the united states on august 29 , 1989 . 
Trie ::   in computer science , a trie , also called digital tree and sometimes radix tree or prefix tree ( as they can be searched by prefixes ) , is a kind of search tree— 
Typee ::   typee : a peep at polynesian life is the first book by american writer herman melville , published first in london , then new york , in 1846 . 
Theft ::   in common usage , theft is the taking of another person 's property or services without that person 's permission or consent with the intent to deprive the rightful owner of it . 
Treason ::   in law , treason is the crime that covers some of the more extreme acts against one 's nation or sovereign . 
Tachyon ::   a tachyon or tachyonic particle is a hypothetical particle that always moves faster than light . 
Taiga ::   taiga (; ; from turkic ) also known as boreal forest or snow forest , is a biome characterized by coniferous forests consisting mostly of pines , spruces and larches . 
Tritium ::   tritium ( or ; symbol ' or ' , also known as hydrogen-3 ) is a radioactive isotope of hydrogen . 
Tizoc ::   tizocic or tizocicatzin usually known in english as tizoc , was the seventh tlatoani of tenochtitlan . 
Terran ::   a terran is an inhabitant of the planet earth . 
Tachi ::   a was a type of traditionally made japanese sword worn by the samurai class of feudal japan . 
Trilogy ::   a trilogy ( from greek τρι- " " , " three " and -λογία " -logia " , " discourse " ) is a set of three works of art that are connected , and that can be seen either as a single work or as three individual works . 
Tyrosine ::   tyrosine ( tyr or y ) or 4-hydroxyphenylalanine is one of the 20 standard amino acids that are used by cells to synthesize proteins . 
Tapas ::   a tapa ( ) , in spanish cuisine , is an appetizer , or snack . 
Physiologus ::   the physiologus is a didactic christian text written or compiled in greek by an unknown author , in alexandria ; its composition has been traditionally dated to the 2nd century ad by readers who saw parallels with writings of clement of alexandria , who is asserted to have known the text , though alan scott has made a case for a date at the end of the 3rd or in the 4th century . 
Tantra ::   tantra ( sanskrit : तन्त्र ; literally " loom , weave , system " ) denotes the esoteric traditions of hinduism and buddhism that co - developed most likely about the middle of 1st millennium ce . 
Topaz ::   topaz is a silicate mineral of aluminium and fluorine with the chemical formula alsio(f , oh ) . 
Talc ::   talc or talcum is a clay mineral composed of hydrated magnesium silicate with the chemical formula hmg(sio ) or mgsio(oh ) . 
Torpedo ::   the modern torpedo is a self - propelled weapon with an explosive warhead , launched above or below the water surface , propelled underwater towards a target , and designed to detonate either on contact with its target or in proximity to it . 
Tourmaline ::   tourmaline ( ) is a crystalline boron silicate mineral compounded with elements such as aluminium , iron , magnesium , sodium , lithium , or potassium . 
Tolerance ::   tolerance or toleration is the state of tolerating , or putting up with , conditionally . 
Tokamak ::   a tokamak ( ) is a device that uses a powerful magnetic field to confine plasma in the shape of a torus . 
Turbopump ::   a turbopump is a propellant pump with two main components : a rotodynamic pump and a driving gas turbine , usually both mounted on the same shaft , or sometimes geared together . 
Thealogy ::   thealogy ( a neologism derived from ancient greek meaning " goddess " and , " -logy " , meaning " study of " ) is generally understood as a discourse that reflects upon the meaning of goddess ( " thea " ) in contrast to god ( " theo " ) . 
Traceroute ::   in computing , traceroute is a computer network diagnostic tool for displaying the route ( path ) and measuring transit delays of packets across an internet protocol ( ip ) network . 
Clangers ::   clangers is a british stop - motion children 's television series , comprising short films about a race ( or perhaps a family ) of creatures who live on , and inside , a small moon - like planet . 
Truck ::   a truck ( or lorry ) is a motor vehicle designed to transport cargo . 
Tamasay ::   a tamasay ( or tamasai ) is a bead necklace worn by ainu women for special occasions . 
Tengwar ::   the tengwar are an artificial script created by j. r. r. tolkien . 
Thebaine ::   thebaine ( paramorphine ) , also known as codeine methyl enol ether , is an opiate alkaloid , its name coming from the greek θῆβαι , " thēbai " ( thebes ) , an ancient city in upper egypt . 
Theosophy ::   theosophy is a collection of mystical and occultist philosophies concerning , or seeking direct knowledge of the presumed mysteries of life and nature , particularly of the nature of divinity and the origin and purpose of the universe . 
Tangent ::   in geometry , the tangent line ( or simply tangent ) to a plane curve at a given point is the straight line that " just touches " the curve at that point . 
Turners ::   turners ( ) are members of german - american gymnastic clubs . 
Taitō ::   as of may 1 , 2015 , the ward has an estimated population of 186,276 and a population density of 18,420 persons per km² . 
Taito ::   taito is known for producing hit arcade games , such as " space invaders " and " bubble bobble " . 
Beyonder ::   the beyonder is a fictional cosmic entity appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
Tibet ::   tibet (; ; /ɕi⁵⁵ t͡sɑŋ⁵¹/ ) is a historical region covering much of the tibetan plateau in central asia . 
Triathlon ::   a triathlon is a multiple - stage competition involving the completion of three continuous and sequential endurance disciplines . 
Thuggee ::   thuggee or tuggee (; ; ; ; ; ) refers to the acts of thugs , an organised gang of professional robbers and murderers . 
Tape-out ::   in electronics design , tapeout is the final result of the design process for integrated circuits or printed circuit boards before they are sent for manufacturing . 
Telstra ::   telstra corporation ltd. ( known as telstra ) is an australian telecommunications and media company which builds and operates telecommunications networks and markets voice , mobile , internet access , pay television and other entertainment products and services . 
Tumbarinu ::   tumbarinu are sardinian drums made with dog or donkey skin . 
Tongue-twister ::   a tongue - twister is a phrase that is designed to be difficult to articulate properly , and can be used as a type of spoken ( or sung ) word game . 
Trillium ::   trillium ( trillium , wakerobin , tri flower , birthroot , birthwort ) is a genus of perennial flowering plants native to temperate regions of north america and asia . 
Tallinn ::   tallinn ( or , ; names in other languages ) is the capital and largest city of estonia . 
TAT-1 ::   tat-1 ( transatlantic no . 
TVP ::   tvp may stand for : 
Tours ::   tours ( ) is a city located in the centre - west of france . 
Tic-tac-toe ::   tic - tac - toe ( also known as noughts and crosses or xs and os ) is a paper - and - pencil game for two players , " x " and " o " , who take turns marking the spaces in a 3×3 grid . 
Tartu ::   tartu ( , south estonian : " tarto " ) is the second largest city of estonia , after estonia 's political and financial capital tallinn . 
Threads ::   threads is a 1984 british television drama jointly produced by the bbc , nine network and western - world television inc. written by barry hines and directed by mick jackson , it is a docudrama account of nuclear war and its effects on the city of sheffield in northern england . 
UseModWiki ::   usemodwiki is a wiki engine written in the perl programming language . 
Utah ::   utah ( or ) is a state in the western united states . 
Utopia ::   a utopia ( ) is an imagined community or society that possesses highly desirable or nearly perfect qualities for its citizens . 
Urea ::   urea , also known as carbamide , is an organic compound with the chemical formula co(nh ) . 
Unemployment ::   the unemployment rate is a measure of the prevalence of unemployment and it is calculated as a percentage by dividing the number of unemployed individuals by all individuals currently in the labor force . 
Unicode ::   unicode is a computing industry standard for the consistent encoding , representation , and handling of text expressed in most of the world 's writing systems . 
Uranium ::   uranium is a chemical element with symbol u and atomic number   92 . 
Ungulate ::   ungulates ( pronounced ) are any members of a diverse group of primarily large mammals that includes odd - toed ungulates such as horses and rhinoceroses , and even - toed ungulates such as cattle , pigs , giraffes , camels , deer , and hippopotamuses . 
Ultra ::   ultra was the designation adopted by british military intelligence in june 1941 for wartime signals intelligence obtained by breaking high - level encrypted enemy radio and teleprinter communications at the government code and cypher school ( gc&cs ) at bletchley park . 
Ukraine ::   ukraine (; ) , sometimes called the ukraine , is a sovereign state in eastern europe , bordered by russia to the east and northeast ; belarus to the northwest ; poland , hungary , and slovakia to the west ; romania and moldova to the southwest ; and the black sea and sea of azov to the south and southeast , respectively . 
Ultrasound ::   ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing . 
Uyghurs ::   the uyghurs (; ) are a turkic ethnic group living in east and central asia . 
Uppsala ::   uppsala (; older spelling " upsala " ) is the capital of uppsala county and the fourth largest city of sweden , after stockholm , gothenburg and malmö . 
Utilitarianism ::   utilitarianism is an ethical theory which states that the best action is the one that maximizes utility . 
U ::   u ( named " u " , plural " ues " ) is the 21st letter and the fifth vowel in the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Uganda ::   uganda ( or ) , officially the republic of uganda , is a landlocked country in east africa . 
Uruguay ::   uruguay (; ) , officially the oriental republic of uruguay ( ) , is a sovereign state in the southeastern region of south america . 
Uzbekistan ::   uzbekistan ( , ) , officially the republic of uzbekistan ( , , ; ) , is one of only two doubly landlocked countries in the world . 
Uterus ::   the uterus ( from latin " uterus " , plural " uteri " ) or womb is a major female hormone - responsive reproductive sex organ of humans and most other mammals . 
Universe ::   the universe is all of space and time ( spacetime ) and its contents , which includes planets , moons , minor planets , stars , galaxies , the contents of intergalactic space and all matter and energy . 
U-boat ::   u - boat is the anglicised version of the german word u - boot , a shortening of unterseeboot , literally " undersea boat " . 
Universalism ::   universalism is a theological and philosophical concept with universal application or applicability . 
Ultrafilter ::   in the mathematical field of set theory , an ultrafilter on a given partially ordered set ( poset ) " p " is a maximal filter on " p " , that is , a filter on " p " that can not be enlarged . 
Útgarðar ::   in norse mythology , útgarðar ( literal meaning : " outyards " ; plural of útgarðr ; the word can be anglicized to utgard , utgardar and in other ways ) surrounded a stronghold of the ettings . 
Undead ::   the undead are beings in mythology , legend , or fiction that are deceased but behave as if they were alive . 
Ultraviolet ::   ultraviolet ( uv ) is an electromagnetic radiation with a wavelength from 10   nm to 400   nm , shorter than that of visible light but longer than x - rays . 
Up ::   up is the y - axis relative vertical direction opposed to down . 
Ur ::   ur ( sumerian : " urim " ; sumerian cuneiform : or ; akkadian : " uru " ; ) was an important sumerian city - state in ancient mesopotamia , located at the site of modern tell el - muqayyar ( ) in south iraq 's dhi qar governorate . 
Urology ::   urology ( from greek οὖρον " ouron " " urine " and " -logia " " study of " ) , also known as genitourinary surgery , is the branch of medicine that focuses on surgical and medical diseases of the male and female urinary - tract system and the male reproductive organs . 
Ulster ::   ulster (; or " cúige uladh " , ulster scots : " ulstèr " or " ulster " ) is a province in the north of the island of ireland . 
USB ::   usb , short for universal serial bus , is an industry standard that defines cables , connectors and communications protocols for connection , communication , and power supply between computers and devices . 
Ulvophyceae ::   the ulvophyceae or ulvophytes are a class of green algae , distinguished mainly on the basis of ultrastructural morphology , life cycle and molecular phylogenetic data . 
Uniramia ::   uniramia ( " uni " - one , " ramus " - branch , i.e. single - branches ) is a group within the arthropods . 
Uniformitarianism ::   uniformitarianism , also known as the doctrine of uniformity , is the assumption that the same natural laws and processes that operate in the universe now have always operated in the universe in the past and apply everywhere . 
Urethra ::   in anatomy , the urethra ( from greek οὐρήθρα – " ourḗthrā " ) is a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the urinary meatus for the removal of urine from the body . 
Urethritis ::   urethritis is inflammation of the urethra . 
Unconsciousness ::   unconsciousness is a state which occurs when the ability to maintain an awareness of self and environment is lost . 
Upwords ::   upwords ( also branded as scrabble upwords in the united states and canada , and topwords crucimaster , betutorony , palabras arriba , stapelwoord in other countries ) is a board game invented by elliot rudell and originally published by the milton bradley company , now a division of hasbro . 
Unitarianism ::   unitarianism is historically a christian theological movement named for its belief that god is one entity , as opposed to the trinity which defines god as three persons in one being ; the father , son , and holy spirit . 
Ubiquitin ::   ubiquitin is a small ( 8.5 kda ) regulatory protein found in most tissues of eukaryotic organisms i.e. it occurs " ubiquitously " . 
Ulfilas ::   ulfilas ( –383 ) , also known as ulphilas and orphila , all latinized forms of the gothic wulfila , literally " little wolf " , was a goth of cappadocian greek descent who served as a bishop and missionary , translated the bible , and participated in the arian controversy . 
UTF-8 ::   utf-8 is a character encoding capable of encoding all 1,112,064 valid code points in unicode using one to four 8-bit bytes . 
UOP ::   uop is an initialism that may stand for the following : 
Urdu ::   urdu (; , or modern standard urdu ) is a persianised and standardised register language of the hindustani language . 
Ultramontanism ::   ultramontanism is a clerical political conception within the catholic church that places strong emphasis on the prerogatives and powers of the pope . 
UMTS ::   the universal mobile telecommunications system ( umts ) is a third generation mobile cellular system for networks based on the gsm standard . 
Uzbeks ::   the uzbeks ( " oʻzbek/ўзбек " , pl . " oʻzbeklar/ўзбеклар " ) are a turkic ethnic group ; the largest turkic ethnic group in central asia . 
UNRWA ::   created in december 1949 , the united nations relief and works agency for palestine refugees in the near east ( unrwa ) is a relief and human development agency which supports more than 5   million registered palestinian refugees , and their descendants , who fled or were expelled from their homes during the 1948 palestine war as well as those who fled or were expelled during and following the 1967 six day war . 
Ukulele ::   the ukulele ( , from ( oo - koo - leh - leh ) ; variant : ukelele , ) is a member of the lute family of instruments ; it generally employs four nylon or gut strings or four courses of strings . 
UPN ::   the united paramount network ( upn ) was an american broadcast television network that launched on january 16 , 1995 . 
Ulysses ::   ulysses is the latin name for odysseus , a hero in ancient greek literature . 
UEFA ::   the union of european football associations ( uefa , ; ; ) is the administrative body for association football in europe , although several member states are primarily or entirely located in asia . 
Variance ::   in probability theory and statistics , variance is the expectation of the squared deviation of a random variable from its mean . 
Vacuole ::   a vacuole ( ) is a membrane - bound organelle which is present in all plant and fungal cells and some protist , animal and bacterial cells . 
Verlan ::   verlan ( ) is an argot in the french language , featuring inversion of syllables in a word , and is common in slang and youth language . 
Virgil ::   publius vergilius maro (; traditional dates october 15 , 70 bc – september 21 , 19 bc ) , usually called virgil or vergil in english , was an ancient roman poet of the augustan period . 
Vampire ::   a vampire is a being from folklore that subsists by feeding on the life essence ( generally in the form of blood ) of the living . 
Vagueness ::   in analytic philosophy and linguistics , a concept may be considered vague if its extension is deemed lacking in clarity , if there is uncertainty about which objects belong to the concept or which exhibit characteristics that have this predicate ( so - called " border - line cases " ) , or if the sorites paradox applies to the concept or predicate . 
Venezuela ::   venezuela ( ; ) , officially the bolivarian republic of venezuela ( ) , is a federal republic located on the northern coast of south america . 
Voltaire ::   françois - marie arouet (; 21 november 1694 – 30 may 1778 ) , known by his " nom de plume " voltaire (; ) , was a french enlightenment writer , historian , and philosopher famous for his wit , his attacks on the established catholic church , and his advocacy of freedom of religion , freedom of speech , and separation of church and state . 
Vehicle ::   a vehicle ( from ) is a mobile machine that transports people or cargo . 
Vabis ::   vabis was the abbreviation and later also trademark of swedish railway car manufacturer vagnfabriks aktiebolaget i södertelge , which translates " wagon factory limited company of södertälje " , established in 1891 in södertälje . 
Volvo ::   the volvo group (; legally aktiebolaget volvo , shortened to ab volvo ) ( stylized as volvo ) is a swedish multinational manufacturing company headquartered in gothenburg . 
Volkswagen ::   volkswagen ( - ) , shortened to vw , is a german automaker founded on may 28 , 1937 by the german labour front and headquartered in wolfsburg . 
Vänern ::   vänern ( ) is the largest lake in sweden , the largest lake in the european union and the third - largest lake entirely in europe after ladoga and onega in russia . 
Valley ::   a valley is a low area between hills , mountains or plains , often with a river running through it . 
Violin ::   the violin , also known informally as a fiddle , is a wooden string instrument in the violin family . 
Vanadium ::   vanadium is a chemical element with symbol v and atomic number 23 . 
Virginia ::   virginia ( , , officially the commonwealth of virginia ) is a state in the southeastern and mid - atlantic regions of the united states located between the atlantic coast and the appalachian mountains . 
Veal ::   veal is the meat of calves , in contrast to the beef from older cattle . 
Vellum ::   vellum is prepared animal skin or " membrane " used as a material for writing on . 
V ::   v ( named " vee " ) is the 22nd letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Video ::   video is an electronic medium for the recording , copying , playback , broadcasting , and display of moving visual media . 
Vanuatu ::   vanuatu ( or ; ) , officially the republic of vanuatu ( , bislama : " ripablik blong vanuatu " ) , is a pacific island nation located in the south pacific ocean . 
Vangelis ::   evangelos odysseas papathanassiou ( ; born 29 march 1943 ) , known professionally as vangelis ( ; english pronunciation : ) , is a greek composer of electronic , progressive , ambient , jazz , and orchestral music . 
Vagina ::   in mammals , the vagina is a muscular and tubular part of the female genital tract , which , in humans , extends from the vulva to the cervix . 
Vorbis ::   vorbis is a free and open - source software project headed by the xiph . 
Vi ::   vi is a screen - oriented text editor originally created for the unix operating system . 
Volume ::   volume is the quantity of three - dimensional space enclosed by a closed surface , for example , the space that a substance ( solid , liquid , gas , or plasma ) or shape occupies or contains . 
Vacuum ::   vacuum is space void of matter . 
Vapor ::   in physics a vapor ( american ) or vapour ( british ) is a substance in the gas phase at a temperature lower than its critical temperature , which means that the vapor can be condensed to a liquid by increasing the pressure on it without reducing the temperature . 
Vitamin ::   a vitamin is an organic compound and an essential nutrient that an organism requires in limited amounts . 
Viroid ::   viroids are the smallest infectious pathogens known . 
VAX ::   vax is a discontinued instruction set architecture ( isa ) developed by digital equipment corporation ( dec ) in the mid-1970s . 
Valens ::   valens ( 328   – 9 august 378 ) , fully " flavius julius valens augustus " ( ) , was eastern roman emperor from 364 to 378 . 
Velociraptor ::   velociraptor (; meaning " swift seizer " in latin ) is a genus of dromaeosaurid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 75 to 71   million years ago during the later part of the cretaceous period . 
Visigoths ::   the visigoths ( ; ; ; ) were the western branches of the nomadic tribes of germanic peoples referred to collectively as the goths . 
Valhalla ::   in norse mythology , valhalla ( from old norse valhöll " hall of the slain " ) is a majestic , enormous hall located in asgard , ruled over by the god odin . 
Volvox ::   volvox is a polyphyletic genus of chlorophyte green algae in the family volvocaceae . 
Vermouth ::   vermouth ( ; also ;) is an aromatized , fortified wine flavored with various botanicals ( roots , barks , flowers , seeds , herbs , and spices ) . 
Vinland ::   vinland , vineland or winland ( ) is the area of coastal north america explored by norse vikings , where leif erikson first landed in c. 1000 , approximately five centuries prior to the voyages of christopher columbus and john cabot . 
Voltage ::   voltage , electric potential difference , electric pressure or electric tension ( formally denoted or , but more often simply as " v " or " u " , for instance in the context of ohm 's or kirchhoff 's circuit laws ) is the difference in electric potential between two points per unit electric charge . 
Varuna ::   varuna (; iast : " " , malay : " baruna " ) is a vedic deity associated first with sky , later with waters as well as with ṛta ( justice ) and satya ( truth ) . 
Vulture ::   a vulture is a scavenging bird of prey . 
Volleyball ::   volleyball is a team sport in which two teams of six players are separated by a net . 
Velodrome ::   a velodrome is an arena for track cycling . 
Sildenafil ::   sildenafil , sold as the brand name viagra among others , is a medication used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension . 
Volt ::   the volt ( symbol : v ) is the derived unit for electric potential , electric potential difference ( voltage ) , and electromotive force . 
Vitellius ::   vitellius (; 24 september ad 15 – 22 december ad 69 ) was roman emperor for eight months , from 16 april to 22 december ad 69 . 
Vespasian ::   vespasian (;    ;    17 november ad 9 – 23 june ad 79 ) was roman emperor from ad 69 to ad 79 , the fourth , and last , in the year of the four emperors . 
Volcano ::   a volcano is a rupture in the crust of a planetary - mass object , such as earth , that allows hot lava , volcanic ash , and gases to escape from a magma chamber below the surface . 
Victimology ::   victimology is the study of victimization , including the psychological effects on victims , relationships between victims and offenders , the interactions between victims and the criminal justice system — that is , the police and courts , and corrections officials — and the connections between victims and other social groups and institutions , such as the media , businesses , and social movements . 
Vulgate ::   the vulgate ( ) is a late 4th century latin translation of the bible that became the catholic church 's officially promulgated latin version of the bible during the 16th century . 
Vermont ::   vermont ( ) is a state in the new england region of the northeastern united states . 
Vampyrellidae ::   the family vampyrellidae zopf , 1885 is a subgroup of the order vampyrellida west , 1901 within the phylum cercozoa . 
Volgograd ::   volgograd ( ) , formerly tsaritsyn ( ) , 1589–1925 , and stalingrad ( ) , 1925–1961 , is an important industrial city and the administrative center of volgograd oblast , russia . 
V-chip ::   v - chip is a generic term for technology used in television set receivers in canada , brazil and the united states , which allows the blocking of programs based on their ratings category . 
Veganism ::   veganism is both the practice of abstaining from the use of animal products , particularly in diet , and an associated philosophy that rejects the commodity status of animals . 
Vegetarianism ::   vegetarianism is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of meat ( red meat , poultry , seafood , and the flesh of any other animal ) , and may also include abstention from by - products of animal slaughter . vegetarianism may be adopted for various reasons . 
Vegemite ::   vegemite ( ) is a thick , black australian food spread made from leftover brewers ' yeast extract with various vegetable and spice additives . 
Vilnius ::   vilnius ( , see also other names ) is the capital of lithuania and its largest city , with a population of 542,664 . 
Viola ::   the viola (; ) is a string instrument that is bowed or played with varying techniques . 
Vikings ::   vikings ( old english : " wicing"—"pirate " , danish and ; swedish and ; , from old norse " ") , were norse seafarers , mainly speaking the old norse language , who raided and traded from their northern european homelands across wide areas of northern , central , eastern and western europe , during the late 8th to late 11th centuries . 
Venice ::   venice ( ; , ; , ) is a city in northeastern italy and the capital of the veneto region . 
Vanilla ::   vanilla is a flavoring derived from orchids of the genus " vanilla " , primarily from the mexican species , flat - leaved vanilla ( " v. planifolia " ) . 
VisiCalc ::   visicalc ( for " visible calculator " ) was the first spreadsheet computer program for personal computers , originally released for the apple ii by visicorp . 
Verðandi ::   in norse mythology , verðandi ( old norse , meaning possibly " happening " or " present " ) , sometimes anglicized as verdandi or verthandi , is one of the norns . 
Valmet ::   the valmet corporation is a finnish company and a developer and supplier of technologies , automation systems and services for the pulp , paper and energy industries . 
Viol ::   the viol , viola da gamba , or ( informally ) gamba , is any one of a family of bowed , fretted and stringed instruments with hollow wooden bodies and pegboxes where the tension on the strings can be increased or decreased to adjust the pitch of each of the strings . 
Voyeurism ::   voyeurism is the sexual interest in or practice of spying on people engaged in intimate behaviors , such as undressing , sexual activity , or other actions usually considered to be of a private nature . 
Vaccine ::   a vaccine is a biological preparation that provides active acquired immunity to a particular disease . 
Voice-over ::   voice - over ( also known as off - camera or off - stage commentary ) is a production technique where a voice — that is not part of the narrative ( non - diegetic)—is used in a radio , television production , filmmaking , theatre , or other presentations . 
Vickers ::   vickers was a famous name in british engineering that existed through many companies from 1828 until 1999 . 
Vandalism ::   vandalism is " action involving deliberate destruction of or damage to public or private property . " 
Vocoder ::   a vocoder ( , a portmanteau of " voice encoder " ) is a category of voice codec that analyzes and synthesizes the human voice signal for audio data compression , multiplexing , voice encryption , voice transformation , etc . 
Vlaardingen ::   vlaardingen ( ) is a city in south holland in the netherlands . 
Villanelle ::   a villanelle ( also known as " villanesque " ) is a nineteen - line poetic form consisting of five tercets followed by a quatrain . 
Vulvodynia ::   vulvodynia is a chronic pain syndrome that affects the vulvar area and occurs without an identifiable cause . 
Víðarr ::   in norse mythology , víðarr ( old norse , possibly " wide ruler " , sometimes anglicized as vidar , vithar , vidarr , and vitharr ) is a god among the æsir associated with vengeance . 
Vowel ::   in phonetics , a vowel is a sound in spoken language , with two complementary definitions . 
Vancouver ::   vancouver ( , ) is a coastal seaport city in canada , located in the lower mainland region of british columbia . 
VTOL ::   a vertical take - off and landing ( vtol ) aircraft is one that can hover , take off , and land vertically . 
Vega ::   vega , also designated alpha lyrae ( α lyrae , abbreviated alpha lyr or α lyr ) , is the brightest star in the constellation of lyra , the fifth - brightest star in the night sky , and the second - brightest star in the northern celestial hemisphere , after arcturus . 
VBScript ::   vbscript ( " " microsoft visual basic scripting edition " " ) is an active scripting language developed by microsoft that is modeled on visual basic . 
Vectrex ::   the vectrex is a vector display - based home video game console that was developed by western technologies / smith engineering . 
OpenVMS ::   openvms is a computer operating system for use in general - purpose computing . 
Voltmeter ::   a voltmeter is an instrument used for measuring electrical potential difference between two points in an electric circuit . 
Venus ::   venus is the second planet from the sun , orbiting it every 224.7 earth days . 
Volksmarine ::   the volksmarine - vm (; ) , was the official designation of the naval forces of the german democratic republic ( gdr ) . 
Valve ::   a valve is a device that regulates , directs or controls the flow of a fluid ( gases , liquids , fluidized solids , or slurries ) by opening , closing , or partially obstructing various passageways . 
Vinegar ::   vinegar is a liquid consisting of about 5–20% acetic acid ( chcooh ) , water , and other trace chemicals , which may include flavorings . 
Venom ::   venom is a form of toxin secreted by an animal for the purpose of causing harm to another . 
Virology ::   virology is the study of viruses – submicroscopic , parasitic particles of genetic material contained in a protein coat – and virus - like agents . 
Vodka ::   vodka ( from , ) is a distilled beverage composed primarily of water and ethanol , sometimes with traces of impurities and flavorings . 
Vitruvius ::   marcus vitruvius pollio ( born c. 80–70 bc , died after c. 15   bc ) , commonly known as vitruvius , was a roman author , architect , civil engineer and military engineer during the 1st century bc , known for his multi - volume work entitled " de architectura " . 
Vercingetorix ::   vercingetorix ( or ; ; 82 bc – 46 bc ) was a king and chieftain of the arverni tribe ; he united the gauls in a revolt against roman forces during the last phase of julius caesar 's gallic wars . 
VLB ::   vlb may mean : vlb - vinblastine antitumor alkaloid isolated from the plant catharanthus roseus ( formerly vinca rosea ) , apocynaceae family . 
Volapük ::   volapük ( in english ; in volapük ) is a constructed language , created in 1879–1880 by johann martin schleyer , a roman catholic priest in baden , germany . 
Vibranium ::   vibranium is a fictional metal appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
Voortrekkers ::   the voortrekkers ( afrikaans and dutch for " pioneers " , literally " fore - pullers " , " those in front who pull " , " fore - trekkers " ) were boer pastoralists from the frontiers of the cape colony who migrated eastwards during the great trek . 
Wiki ::   a wiki ( ) is a website on which users collaboratively modify content and structure directly from the web browser . 
WikiWikiWeb ::   the wikiwikiweb is the first ever wiki , or user - editable website . 
Warez ::   warez is a common computing and broader cultural term referring to pirated software ( i.e. illegally copied , often after deactivation of anti - piracy measures ) that is distributed via the internet . 
Wedding ::   a wedding is a ceremony where two people or a couple are united in marriage . 
Waltz ::   the waltz ( from german : ) is a ballroom and folk dance , normally in time , performed primarily in closed position . 
Warsaw ::   warsaw ( ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland . 
Watermark ::   a watermark is an identifying image or pattern in paper that appears as various shades of lightness / darkness when viewed by transmitted light ( or when viewed by reflected light , atop a dark background ) , caused by thickness or density variations in the paper . 
Wine ::   wine ( from latin " vinum " ) is an alcoholic beverage made from grapes , generally " vitis vinifera " , fermented without the addition of sugars , acids , enzymes , water , or other nutrients . 
Worldcon ::   worldcon , or more formally the world science fiction convention , the annual convention of the world science fiction society ( wsfs ) , is a science fiction convention . 
Writing ::   writing is a medium of human communication that represents language and emotion with signs and symbols . 
Whist ::   whist is a classic english trick - taking card game which was widely played in the 18th and 19th centuries . 
Wargaming ::   a wargame ( also war game ) is a strategy game that deals with military operations of various types , real or fictional . 
Canellales ::   canellales is the botanical name for an order of flowering plants , one of the four orders of the magnoliids . 
Woodworking ::   woodworking is the activity or skill of making items from wood , and includes cabinet making ( cabinetry and furniture ) , wood carving , joinery , carpentry , and woodturning . 
Wavelength ::   in physics , the wavelength of a sinusoidal wave is the spatial period of the wave — the distance over which the wave 's shape repeats , and thus the inverse of the spatial frequency . 
Wisconsin ::   wisconsin ( ) is a u.s. state located in the north - central united states , in the midwest and great lakes regions . 
Summerfest ::   summerfest is an annual music festival held at the henry maier festival park along the lakefront in milwaukee , wisconsin . 
Whisky ::   whisky or whiskey is a type of distilled alcoholic beverage made from fermented grain mash . 
War ::   war is a state of armed conflict between states or societies . 
Westphalia ::   westphalia (; ) is a region in northwestern germany and one of the three historic parts of the state of north rhine - westphalia . 
Wharf ::   a wharf , quay ( , also or ) , staith or staithe is a structure on the shore of a harbor or on the bank of a river or canal where ships may dock to load and unload cargo or passengers . 
W ::   w ( named " double - u " , plural " double - ues " ) is the 23rd letter of the modern english and iso basic latin alphabets . 
Woman ::   a woman is a female human being . 
Waffen-SS ::   the waffen - ss ( , armed ss ) was the armed wing of the nazi party 's ss organisation . 
WorldForge ::   the worldforge project is producing an open source framework for massively multiplayer online role - playing games . 
Widescreen ::   widescreen images are a variety of aspect ratios used in film , television and computer screens . 
Coregonus ::   coregonus is a diverse genus of fish in the salmon family ( salmonidae ) . 
Wuxia ::   wuxia ( 武俠 , ipa : ) , which literally means " martial heroes " , is a genre of chinese fiction concerning the adventures of martial artists in ancient china . 
WYSIWYG ::   wysiwyg ( ) is an acronym for " what you see is what you get " . 
Wicca ::   wicca ( ) , also termed pagan witchcraft , is a contemporary pagan new religious movement . 
Waterloo ::   waterloo most commonly refers to : waterloo may also refer to : 
Bhavacakra ::   the bhavacakra ( sanskrit ; pāli : " bhavacakka " ; tibetan : " srid pa'i ' khor lo " ) is a symbolic representation of saṃsāra ( or cyclic existence ) . 
Water ::   water is a transparent and nearly colorless chemical substance that is the main constituent of earth 's streams , lakes , and oceans , and the fluids of most living organisms . 
Weezer ::   weezer is an american rock band formed in los angeles in 1992 , consisting of rivers cuomo ( lead vocals , guitar ) , patrick wilson ( drums ) , brian bell ( guitar , backing vocals , keyboards ) , and scott shriner ( bass guitar , backing vocals ) . 
Well-order ::   in mathematics , a well - order ( or well - ordering or well - order relation ) on a set " s " is a total order on " s " with the property that every non - empty subset of " s " has a least element in this ordering . 
Weapon ::   a weapon , arm , or armament is any device used with intent to inflict damage or harm to living beings , structures , or systems . 
Wire ::   a wire is a single , usually cylindrical , flexible strand or rod of metal . 
Walking ::   walking ( also known as ambulation ) is one of the main gaits of locomotion among legged animals . 
Wave ::   in physics , a wave is an oscillation accompanied by a transfer of energy . 
Wing ::   a wing is a type of fin that produces lift , while moving through air or some other fluid . 
Week ::   a week is a time unit equal to seven days . 
Wood ::   wood is a porous and fibrous structural tissue found in the stems and roots of trees and other woody plants . 
Wheel ::   a wheel is a circular component that is intended to rotate on an axle bearing . 
Whaling ::   whaling is the hunting of whales for their usable products like meat , oil and blubber . 
Walmart ::   wal - mart stores , inc. ( ) , doing business as walmart , is an american multinational retailing corporation that operates as a chain of hypermarkets , discount department stores , and grocery stores . 
Wrocław ::   wrocław (; ; , ; ; ) is the largest city in western poland . 
Wyoming ::   wyoming is a state in the mountain region of the western united states . 
Wakeboarding ::   wakeboarding is a surface water sport which involves riding a wakeboard over the surface of a body of water . 
Wasabi ::   the origin of wasabi cuisine has been clarified from the oldest historical records ; it takes its rise in nara prefecture , and more recently has seen a surge in popularity from the early 1990s to mid 2000s . 
Wends ::   wends ( , old norse : " vindr " , , , , ) is a historical name for west slavs living near germanic settlement areas . 
Blog ::   a blog ( a truncation of the expression " weblog " ) is a discussion or informational website published on the world wide web consisting of discrete , often informal diary - style text entries ( " posts " ) . 
Widewuto ::   widewuto ( also " viduutus " , " vidvutus " , " witowudi " , " waidewut " ) was a legendary king of the pagan prussians who ruled along with his elder brother , the high priest bruteno in the 6th century ad . 
Wessex ::   wessex (; , " kingdom of the west saxons " ) was an anglo - saxon kingdom in the south of great britain , from 519 until england was unified by æthelstan in the early 10th century . 
Waterlooville ::   waterlooville ( ) is a town in hampshire , england , approximately 8 miles north of portsmouth . 
Wok ::   a wok ( from cantonese ) is a versatile round - bottomed cooking vessel , originating from china . 
Walrus ::   the walrus ( " odobenus rosmarus " ) is a large flippered marine mammal with a discontinuous distribution about the north pole in the arctic ocean and subarctic seas of the northern hemisphere . 
Wolfville ::   wolfville is a canadian town in the annapolis valley , kings county , nova scotia , located about northwest of the provincial capital , halifax . 
Weregild ::   weregild ( also spelled wergild , wergeld ( in archaic / historical usage of english ) , weregeld , etc . ) , also known as man price , was a value placed on every being and piece of property , for example in the frankish salic code . 
WordPerfect ::   wordperfect ( wp ) is a word processing application owned by corel with a long history on multiple personal computer platforms . 
WordStar ::   wordstar is a word processor application that had a dominant market share during the early- to mid-1980s . 
Whale ::   whales are a widely distributed and diverse group of fully aquatic placental marine mammals . 
Worcestershire ::   worcestershire ( , ; written abbreviation : worcs ) is a county in the west midlands of england . 
Werewolf ::   a werewolf ( , " man - wolf " ) or occasionally lycanthrope ( " lukánthrōpos " , " wolf - person " ) is a mythological or folkloric human with the ability to shapeshift into a wolf ( or , especially in modern film , a therianthropic hybrid wolflike creature ) , either purposely or after being placed under a curse or affliction ( often a bite or scratch from another werewolf ) . 
Wellington ::   wellington ( ) is the capital city and second most populous urban area of new zealand , with residents . 
Walkman ::   walkman is a sony brand tradename , originally used for portable audio cassette players from the late 1970s onwards . 
Wernigerode ::   wernigerode ( ) is a town in the district of harz , saxony - anhalt , germany . 
Watchmen ::   watchmen is an american comic - book limited series published by dc comics in 1986 and 1987 , and collected in 1987 . 
Whistleblower ::   a whistleblower ( also written as whistle - blower or whistle blower ) is a person who exposes any kind of information or activity that is deemed illegal , unethical , or not correct within an organization that is either private or public . 
Wombat ::   wombats are short - legged , muscular quadrupedal marsupials that are native to australia . 
Warhead ::   the term warhead refers to the explosive or toxic material that is delivered by a missile , rocket , or torpedo . 
Wade–Giles ::   wade – giles ( ) , sometimes abbreviated wade , is a romanization system for mandarin chinese . 
Woodstock ::   the woodstock music & art fair — informally , the woodstock festival or simply woodstock— was a music festival in the united states in 1969 which attracted an audience of over 400,000 . 
Website ::   a website is a collection of related web pages , including multimedia content , typically identified with a common domain name , and published on at least one web server . 
Weight ::   in science and engineering , the weight of an object is usually taken to be the force on the object due to gravity . 
Wakizashi ::   the is one of the traditionally made japanese swords ( ) worn by the " samurai " in feudal japan . 
Walloons ::   walloons (; , ; ) are a romance ethnic people native to belgium , principally its southern region of wallonia , who speak french and walloon . 
WordNet ::   wordnet is a lexical database for the english language . 
Whippet ::   the whippet ( also english whippet or snap dog ) is a dog breed of medium - size . 
Wake-on-LAN ::   wake - on - lan ( wol ) is an ethernet or token ring computer networking standard that allows a computer to be turned on or " awakened " by a network message . 
Witchcraft ::   witchcraft or witchery broadly means the practice of and belief in magical skills and abilities exercised by solitary practitioners and groups known as covens . 
Weather ::   weather is the state of the atmosphere , describing for example the degree to which it is hot or cold , wet or dry , calm or stormy , clear or cloudy . 
Wemic ::   in the " dungeons & dragons " fantasy roleplaying game , the wemic is a fantastical hybrid creature with the upper body of a human and the lower body of a lion . 
Warmia ::   warmia ( , latin : " varmia " , , old prussian : " wārmi " , ) is a historical region in northern poland . 
Wildebeest ::   the wildebeests , also called gnus , are a genus of antelopes , scientific name connochaetes . 
Wormhole ::   a wormhole is a concept that represents a solution of the einstein field equations : a non - trivial structure linking separate points in spacetime . 
Vedda ::   the vedda ( , " vēdar " ) are a minority indigenous group of people in sri lanka who , among other self - identified native communities such as coast veddas , anuradhapura veddas and bintenne veddas , are accorded indigenous status . 
Wart ::   warts are typically small , rough , and hard growths that are similar in color to the rest of the skin . 
Winter ::   winter is the coldest season of the year in polar and temperate climates , between autumn and spring . 
WAV ::   waveform audio file format ( wave , or more commonly known as wav due to its filename extension ) ( rarely , audio for windows ) is a microsoft and ibm audio file format standard for storing an audio bitstream on pcs . 
Wolverine ::   the wolverine ( ) , " gulo gulo " ( " gulo " is latin for " glutton " ) , also referred to as the glutton , carcajou , skunk bear , or quickhatch , is the largest land - dwelling species of the family mustelidae . 
Warlock ::   a warlock is a male practitioner of evil magic ( distinguished from a wizard or sorcerer , whose magic may be benign ) . 
W3m ::   w3 m is a free software / open source text - based web browser and terminal pager . 
WarGames ::   wargames is a 1983 american cold war science fiction film written by lawrence lasker and walter f. parkes and directed by john badham . 
XFL ::   the xfl was a professional american football league which played one season in 2001 . 
XML ::   in computing , extensible markup language ( xml ) is a markup language that defines a set of rules for encoding documents in a format that is both human - readable and machine - readable . 
Xenon ::   xenon is a chemical element with symbol   xe and atomic number   54 . 
Xenophobia ::   xenophobia is the fear and distrust of that which is perceived to be foreign or strange . 
X ::   x ( named " ex " , plural " exes " ) is the 24th and antepenultimate letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
XTC ::   xtc were an english rock band formed in swindon in 1972 and active until 2006 . 
Xena ::   xena is a fictional character from robert tapert 's " " franchise . 
DAX ::   the dax ( " deutscher aktienindex " ( german stock index ) ) is a blue chip stock market index consisting of the 30 major german companies trading on the frankfurt stock exchange . 
Xenophon ::   xenophon of athens (; , " xenophōn " ; c. 430–354 bc ) was an ancient greek philosopher , historian , soldier , mercenary , and student of socrates . 
XSL ::   in computing , the term extensible stylesheet language ( xsl ) is used to refer to a family of languages used to transform and render xml documents . 
Xerox ::   xerox corporation ( also known as xerox , stylized as xerox since 2008 , and previously as xerox from 1960 to 2008 ) is an american global corporation that sells document solutions and services , and document technology products in more than 160 countries . 
Xenogears ::   created by tetsuya takahashi and his wife kaori tanaka as a proposal for " final fantasy vii " , it was allowed to be developed as its own project , first as a sequel to " chrono trigger " and then as a wholly original game with a science fiction premise . 
Kislev ::   kislev ( hebrew : כִּסְלֵו , " kislev " " kislēw " ; also " chislev " ) is the third month of the civil year and the ninth month of the ecclesiastical year on the hebrew calendar . 
XFree86 ::   xfree86 was an implementation of the x window system . 
Xenarthra ::   the superorder xenarthra is a group of placental mammals , extant today only in the americas and represented by anteaters , tree sloths , and armadillos . 
XyWrite ::   xywrite is a word processor for ms - dos and windows modeled on the mainframe - based atex typesetting system . 
X-ray ::   x - rays make up x - radiation , a form of electromagnetic radiation . 
X86 ::   x86 is a family of backward - compatible instruction set architectures based on the intel 8086 cpu and its intel 8088 variant . 
Xiangqi ::   xiangqi ( ) , also called chinese chess , is a strategy board game for two players . 
XFS ::   xfs is a high - performance 64-bit journaling file system created by silicon graphics , inc ( sgi ) in 1993 . 
XEmacs ::   xemacs is a graphical- and console - based text editor which runs on almost any unix - like operating system as well as microsoft windows . 
XSLT ::   xslt ( extensible stylesheet language transformations ) is a language for transforming xml documents into other xml documents , or other formats such as html for web pages , plain text or xsl formatting objects , which may subsequently be converted to other formats , such as pdf , postscript and png . 
XMMS ::   x multimedia system ( xmms ) is an audio player for unix - like systems released under a free software license . 
X-Men ::   the x - men are a team of fictional superheroes appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
Yukon ::   yukon (; ; also commonly called the yukon ) is the smallest and westernmost of canada 's three federal territories ( the other two are the northwest territories and nunavut ) . 
Ytterbium ::   ytterbium is a chemical element with symbol   yb and atomic number   70 . 
Ytterby ::   ytterby ( ) is a village on the swedish island of resarö , in vaxholm municipality in the stockholm archipelago . 
Yard ::   the yard ( abbreviation : yd ) is an english unit of length , in both the british imperial and us customary systems of measurement , that comprises 3   feet or 36   inches . 
Y ::   y ( named " wye " , plural " wyes " ) is the 25th and penultimate letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Yugoslavia ::   yugoslavia ( serbo - croatian , slovene , macedonian : ' , југославија ; ) was a country in southeast europe during most of the 20th century . 
Yahweh ::   yahweh ( , or often in english ; ) was the national god of the iron age kingdoms of israel ( samaria ) and judah . 
Yoga ::   yoga (; sanskrit , योगः listen ) is a group of physical , mental , and spiritual practices or disciplines which originated in ancient india . 
Yggdrasil ::   yggdrasil ( or ; from old norse , pronounced ) is an immense mythical tree that connects the nine worlds in norse cosmology . 
Yiddish ::   yiddish ( , or , " yidish"/"idish " , " jewish " , ; in older sources ייִדיש - טײַטש " yidish - taitsh " , judaeo - german ) is the historical language of the ashkenazi jews . 
Yottabyte ::   the yottabyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
Yule ::   yule or yuletide ( " yule time " ) is a festival observed by the historical germanic peoples . 
Yachting ::   yachting refers to the use of recreational boats and ships called " yachts " for sporting purposes . 
Yacht ::   a yacht is a recreational boat or ship . 
Year ::   a year is the orbital period of the earth moving in its orbit around the sun . 
Yerevan ::   yerevan ( , ; , sometimes spelled erevan ) is the capital and largest city of armenia as well as one of the world 's oldest continuously inhabited cities . 
Yacc ::   yacc ( yet another compiler - compiler ) is a computer program for the unix operating system . 
York ::   york ( ) is a historic walled city at the confluence of the rivers ouse and foss in north yorkshire , england . 
Yellow ::   yellow is the color between green and orange on the spectrum of visible light . 
Yogh ::   the letter yogh ( ; middle english : ) was used in middle english and older scots , representing " y " ( ) and various velar phonemes . 
Yeast ::   yeasts are eukaryotic , single - celled microorganisms classified as members of the fungus kingdom . 
Yamoussoukro ::   yamoussoukro (; ) is the political capital and administrative capital of ivory coast and an autonomous district of the country . 
Zeus ::   zeus (; " zeús " ) is the sky and thunder god in ancient greek religion , who ruled as king of the gods of mount olympus . 
Zimbabwe ::   zimbabwe ( ) , officially the republic of zimbabwe , is a landlocked country located in southern africa , between the zambezi and limpopo rivers . 
Zodiac ::   the zodiac is an area of the sky that extends approximately 8° north or south ( as measured in celestial latitude ) of the ecliptic , the apparent path of the sun across the celestial sphere over the course of the year . 
Zoology ::   zoology ( , zoo - ol - luh - jee or , zoh - ol - luh - jee ) or animal biology is the branch of biology that studies the animal kingdom , including the structure , embryology , evolution , classification , habits , and distribution of all animals , both living and extinct , and how they interact with their ecosystems . 
Zanzibar ::   zanzibar (; ( zanjibār ) is a semi - autonomous region of tanzania in east africa . 
Zambia ::   zambia ( ) , officially the republic of zambia , is a landlocked country in southern africa , neighbouring the democratic republic of the congo to the north , tanzania to the north - east , malawi to the east , mozambique , zimbabwe , botswana and namibia to the south , and angola to the west . 
Zingiberales ::   the zingiberales are flowering plants forming one of four orders in the commelinids clade of monocots , together with its sister order , commelinales . 
Zork ::   zork is one of the earliest interactive fiction computer games , with roots drawn from the original genre game " colossal cave adventure " . 
Zinc ::   zinc is a chemical element with symbol zn and atomic number 30 . 
Zaire ::   zaire ( ) , officially the republic of zaire (; ) , was the name for the democratic republic of the congo that existed between 1971 and 1997 in central africa . 
Zirconium ::   zirconium is a chemical element with symbol zr and atomic number 40 . 
Z ::   z ( named " zed " or " zee " ) is the 26th and final letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . 
Zingiberaceae ::   zingiberaceae ( ) or the ginger family is a family of flowering plants made up of about 50 genera with a total of about 1600 known species of aromatic perennial herbs with creeping horizontal or tuberous rhizomes distributed throughout tropical africa , asia , and the americas . 
Zoonosis ::   zoonoses are infectious diseases of animals ( usually vertebrates ) that can naturally be transmitted to humans . 
Zeppelin ::   a zeppelin was a type of rigid airship named after the german count ferdinand von zeppelin ( ) who pioneered rigid airship development at the beginning of the 20th century . 
Zygote ::   a zygote ( from greek ζυγωτός " zygōtos " " joined " or " yoked " , from ζυγοῦν " zygoun " " to join " or " to yoke " ) , is a eukaryotic cell formed by a fertilization event between two gametes . 
Zocchihedron ::   zocchihedron is the trademark of a 100-sided die invented by lou zocchi , which debuted in 1985 . 
Zorn ::   zorn is a family name of german origin meaning " wrath " . 
Zosimus ::   zosimus ( ; also known by the latin name zosimus historicus , i.e. " zosimus the historian " ; fl . 
Zakat ::   zakat ( " zakāt " , " that which purifies " , also zakat al - mal , " zakat on wealth " , or " zakah " ) is a form of alms - giving treated in islam as a religious obligation or tax , which , by quranic ranking , is next after prayer ( " salat " ) in importance . 
Zettabyte ::   the zettabyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
Zebra ::   zebras ( or ) are several species of african equids ( horse family ) united by their distinctive black and white striped coats . 
ZX80 ::   the sinclair zx80 is a home computer brought to market in 1980 by science of cambridge ltd. ( later to be better known as sinclair research ) . 
Zohar ::   the zohar ( , lit . " splendor " or " radiance " ) is the foundational work in the literature of jewish mystical thought known as kabbalah . 
Zope ::   zope is a community project concerned with a free and open - source , object - oriented web application server written in the python programming language . 
ZX81 ::   the zx81 is a home computer produced by sinclair research and manufactured in scotland by timex corporation . 
Zionism ::   zionism ( " tsiyyonut " after " zion " ) is the national movement of the jewish people that supports the re - establishment of a jewish homeland in the territory defined as the historic land of israel ( roughly corresponding to canaan , the holy land , or the region of palestine ) . 
Zarzuela ::   zarzuela ( ) is a spanish lyric - dramatic genre that alternates between spoken and sung scenes , the latter incorporating operatic and popular song , as well as dance . 
Zoop ::   zoop is a puzzle game developed by hookstone productions and published by viacom new media . 
Zephaniah ::   zephaniah ( , ) is the name of several people in the hebrew bible and jewish tanakh . 
Zlib ::   zlib is a software library used for data compression . 
Z-machine ::   the z - machine is a virtual machine that was developed by joel berez and marc blank in 1979 and used by infocom for its text adventure games . 
Żarnowiec ::   żarnowiec ( , german " zarnowitz " ) is a village in the administrative district of gmina krokowa , within puck county , pomeranian voivodeship , in northern poland . 
Zwitterion ::   in chemistry , a zwitterion ( ; from german " zwitter " , meaning " hermaphrodite " ) , formerly called a dipolar ion , is a molecule with two or more functional groups , of which at least one has a positive and one has a negative electrical charge . 
Zoetrope ::   a zoetrope is one of several pre - film animation devices that produce the illusion of motion by displaying a sequence of drawings or photographs showing progressive phases of that motion . 
Zoroastrianism ::   zoroastrianism , or more natively mazdayasna , is one of the world 's oldest extant religions , " combining a cosmogonic dualism and eschatological monotheism in a manner unique [ ... ] among the major religions of the world " . 
Zeno ::   zeno is the common anglicised form of the greek name zenon ( ) , derived from the theonym zeus . 
NS320xx ::   the 320xx or ns32000 was a series of microprocessors from national semiconductor . 
Nanosecond ::   a nanosecond ( ns ) is an si unit of time equal to one thousand - millionth of a second ( 10 or / s ) . 
Millisecond ::   a millisecond ( from milli- and second ; symbol : ms ) is a thousandth ( 0.001 or 10 or / ) of a second . 10 milliseconds ( a hundredth of a second ) are called a centisecond . 
Microsecond ::   a microsecond is an si unit of time equal to one millionth ( 0.000001 or 10 or / ) of a second . 
Sparta ::   sparta ( doric greek : ; attic greek : ) was a prominent city - state in ancient greece . 
Milan ::   milan ( or ; ; ( milanese variant ) ) is the capital of lombardy and the second most populous city in italy after rome , with the city proper having a population of 1,360,422 while its province - level municipality has a population of 3,228,000 . 
Cartel ::   a cartel is a group of formally independent producers whose goal is to increase their collective profits by means of price fixing , limiting supply , or other restrictive practices . 
Cohabitation ::   cohabitation is an arrangement where two people who are not married live together . 
Jubilee ::   a jubilee is a particular anniversary of an event , usually denoting the 25th , 40th , 50th , 60th , or 70th anniversary . 
Gaul ::   gaul ( latin : " gallia " ) was a region of western europe during the iron age that was inhabited by celtic tribes , encompassing present day france , luxembourg , belgium , most of switzerland , northern italy , as well as the parts of the netherlands and germany on the west bank of the rhine . 
Congress ::   a congress is a formal meeting of the representatives of different nations , constituent states , independent organizations ( such as trade unions ) , or groups . 
Nuraghe ::   the nuraghe (; plural : italian " nuraghi " , logudorese sardinian " nuraghes " / campidanese sardinian " nuraxis " ) is the main type of ancient megalithic edifice found in sardinia , developed during the nuragic age between 1900 and 730 bce . 
Fishing ::   fishing is the activity of trying to catch fish . 
AS-204 ::   as-204 was a saturn ib launch vehicle that is associated with two missions : 
Rotaxane ::   a rotaxane is a mechanically interlocked molecular architecture consisting of a " dumbbell shaped molecule " which is threaded through a " macrocycle " ( see graphical representation ) . 
Embryo ::   an embryo is an early stage of development of a multicellular diploid eukaryotic organism . 
Medina ::   medina (; , ' , " the radiant city " ; or , ' ( ) , " the city " ) , also transliterated as madīnah , is a city and administrative headquarters of the al - madinah region of saudi arabia . 
Yorkshire ::   yorkshire ( or ; abbreviated yorks ) , formally known as the county of york , is a historic county of northern england and the largest in the united kingdom . 
County ::   a county is a geographical region of a country used for administrative or other purposes , in certain modern nations . 
Lhotshampa ::   the lhotshampa or lhotsampa (; ) people are a heterogeneous bhutanese people of nepalese descent . 
Glycerius ::   glycerius ( latin : " flavius glycerius augustus " ) ( 420 after 480 ad ) was a western roman emperor from 473 to 474 . 
HP-UX ::   hp - ux ( from " hewlett packard unix " ) is hewlett packard enterprise 's proprietary implementation of the unix operating system , based on unix system v ( initially system iii ) and first released in 1984 . 
Metaphone ::   metaphone is a phonetic algorithm , published by lawrence philips in 1990 , for indexing words by their english pronunciation . 
SCUMM ::   script creation utility for maniac mansion ( scumm ) is a video game engine developed at lucasfilm games , later renamed lucasarts , to ease development on their first graphic adventure game " maniac mansion " ( 1987 ) . 
Bristol ::   bristol ( ) is a city and county in south west england with a population of 454,200 in 2017 . 
Atalanta ::   atalanta (; " atalantē " ) is a character in greek mythology , a virgin huntress , unwilling to marry , and loved by the hero meleager . 
Hestia ::   in ancient greek religion , hestia (; , " hearth " or " fireside " ) is a virgin goddess of the hearth , architecture , and the right ordering of domesticity , the family , the home , and the state . 
GEGL ::   the generic graphics library ( gegl ) is a programming library under development for image processing applications . 
Budapest ::   budapest ( ) is the capital and by far the most populous city of hungary and one of the largest cities in the european union . 
Artery ::   an artery ( plural arteries ) ( ) is a blood vessel that takes blood from the heart to all parts of the body . 
Paclitaxel ::   paclitaxel ( ptx ) , sold under the brand name taxol among others , is a chemotherapy medication used to treat a number of types of cancer . 
Cotton ::   cotton is a soft , fluffy staple fiber that grows in a boll , or protective case , around the seeds of the cotton plants of the genus " gossypium " in the mallow family " malvaceae " . 
Heart ::   the heart is a muscular organ in humans and other animals , which pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system . 
Pericles ::   pericles (; " periklēs " , in classical attic ; c. 495 – 429 bc ) was a prominent and influential greek statesman , orator and general of athens during the golden age — specifically the time between the persian and peloponnesian wars . 
Gossypium ::   gossypium is the cotton genus . 
Vertebrate ::   vertebrates comprise all species of animals within the subphylum vertebrata ( chordates with backbones ) . 
Thrace ::   thrace (; modern , " thráke " ; , " trakiya " ; ) is a geographical and historical area in southeast europe , now split between bulgaria , greece and turkey , which is bounded by the balkan mountains to the north , the aegean sea to the south and the black sea to the east . 
Wheat ::   wheat is a grass widely cultivated for its seed , a cereal grain which is a worldwide staple food . 
Zooarchaeology ::   zooarchaeology ( or archaeozoology ) is the study of faunal remains . 
Lung ::   the lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails . 
Bucharest ::   bucharest (; , ) is the capital and largest city of romania , as well as its cultural , industrial , and financial centre . 
Rococo ::   rococo ( or ) , less commonly roccoco , or " late baroque " , is an early to late 18th - century french artistic movement and style , affecting many aspects of the arts including painting , sculpture , architecture , interior design , decoration , literature , music , and theatre . 
Silicate ::   a silicate is a compound containing an anionic silicon compound . 
Lion ::   the lion ( " panthera leo " ) is one of the big cats in the felidae family and a member of genus " panthera " . 
Gruyères ::   gruyères ( ) is a town in the district of gruyère in the canton of fribourg in switzerland . 
Antioch ::   antioch on the orontes (; , also syrian antioch ) was an ancient greco - roman city on the eastern side of the orontes river . 
Arabesque ::   the arabesque is a form of artistic decoration consisting of " surface decorations based on rhythmic linear patterns of scrolling and interlacing foliage , tendrils " or plain lines , often combined with other elements . 
Theotokos ::   theotokos ( greek ) is a title of mary , mother of god , used especially in eastern christianity . 
Quran ::   the quran (; ' , literally meaning " the recitation " ; also romanized qur'an or koran " ' ) is the central religious text of islam , which muslims believe to be a revelation from god ( " allah " ) . 
Indemnity ::   indemnity is when one party promises to compensate the loss occurred to the other party , due to the act of the promisor or any other party . 
SPARC ::   sparc , for scalable processor architecture , is a reduced instruction set computing ( risc ) instruction set architecture ( isa ) originally developed by sun microsystems . 
Cappuccino ::   a cappuccino (; ) is an italian coffee drink that is traditionally prepared with double espresso , and steamed milk foam . 
Pion ::   in particle physics , a pion ( or a pi meson , denoted with the greek letter pi : ) is any of three subatomic particles : , , and . 
Beef ::   beef is the culinary name for meat from cattle , particularly skeletal muscle . 
Bread ::   bread is a staple food prepared from a dough of flour and water , usually by baking . 
Arctic ::   the arctic ( or ) is a polar region located at the northernmost part of earth . 
Pashtuns ::   the pashtuns ( , or ; " pax̌tānə " ; singular masculine : " pax̌tūn " , feminine : " pax̌tana " ; also pukhtuns , and also in pakistan as pakhtoons , or pukhtoons ) , historically known by the exonyms afghans ( , " afğān " ) and pathans ( hindustani : پٹھان , पठान , " paṭhān " ) , are an iranic ethnic group who mainly live in pakistan and afghanistan . 
Rice ::   rice is the seed of the grass species " oryza sativa " ( asian rice ) or " oryza glaberrima " ( african rice ) . 
Clay ::   clay is a finely - grained natural rock or soil material that combines one or more clay minerals with traces of metal oxides and organic matter . 
Backronym ::   a backronym , or bacronym , is a constructed phrase that purports to be the source of a word that is an acronym . 
Salmon ::   salmon is the common name for several species of ray - finned fish in the family salmonidae . 
Cambridge ::   cambridge ( ) is a university city and the county town of cambridgeshire , england , on the river cam approximately north of london . 
Biblica ::   biblica , the international bible society , was founded in 1809 and is the worldwide copyright holder of the new international version of the bible ( niv ) , licensing commercial rights to zondervan in the united states and to hodder & stoughton in the uk . 
Courtesan ::   a courtesan was originally a courtier , which means a person who attends the court of a monarch or other powerful person . 
Conservatorship ::   conservatorship is a legal concept in the united states of america . 
Wilhelmus ::   wilhelmus van nassouwe , usually known just as the wilhelmus (; ; english translation : the " william " ) , is the national anthem of the kingdom of the netherlands . 
Odoacer ::   flavius odoacer ( c. 433 – 493 ad ) , also known as flavius odovacer or odovacar ( , ) , was a soldier who in 476 became the first king of italy ( 476–493 ) . 
Herules ::   the herules ( or heruli ) were an east germanic tribe who lived north of the black sea apparently near the sea of azov , in the third century ad , and later moved ( either wholly or partly ) to the roman frontier on the central european danube , at the same time as many eastern barbarians during late antiquity , such as the goths , huns , scirii , rugii and alans . 
Akasha ::   akasha ( sanskrit " " ) is a term for æther in traditional indian cosmology . 
Phrack ::   phrack is an ezine written by and for hackers first published november 17 , 1985 . 
Thought ::   thought refers to ideas or arrangements of ideas that are the result of the process of thinking . 
Nigger ::   in the present - day english language , the word nigger is an ethnic slur , usually directed at black people . 
Darkthrone ::   darkthrone is a black metal band from kolbotn , norway . 
Burzum ::   burzum (; ) is a music project that began in 1991 by the norwegian musician and writer varg vikernes . 
Barbecue ::   barbecue or barbeque ( informally bbq or barby ) is both a cooking method and an apparatus . 
Arabidopsis ::   arabidopsis ( rockcress ) is a genus in the family brassicaceae . 
Triskaidekaphobia ::   triskaidekaphobia ( , or ; from greek " tris " meaning " three " , " kai " meaning " and " , " deka " meaning " 10 " and " phobos " meaning " fear " or " morbid fear " ) is fear or avoidance of the number . 
Chrysippus ::   chrysippus of soli (; , ; ) was a greek stoic philosopher . 
Lucretius ::   titus lucretius carus (; 15 october 99 bc   – c. 55 bc ) was a roman poet and philosopher . 
Tilburg ::   tilburg ( ) is a city in the netherlands , in the southern province of north brabant . 
Supercomputer ::   a supercomputer is a computer with a high level of computing performance compared to a general - purpose computer . 
Reinhard ::   reinhard is a given name and a surname . 
Openlaw ::   openlaw is a project at the berkman center for internet and society at harvard law school aimed at releasing case arguments under a copyleft license , in order to encourage public suggestions for improvement . 
Loris ::   loris is the common name for the strepsirrhine primates of the subfamily lorinae ( sometimes spelled lorisinae ) in the family lorisidae . " loris " is one genus in this subfamily and includes the slender lorises , while " nycticebus " is the genus containing the slow lorises . lorises are nocturnal . 
Cray-1 ::   the cray-1 was a supercomputer designed , manufactured and marketed by cray research . 
Causality ::   causality ( also referred to as causation , or cause and effect ) is the natural or worldly agency or efficacy that connects one process ( the " cause " ) with another process or state ( the " effect " ) , where the first is partly responsible for the second , and the second is partly dependent on the first . 
Landslide ::   a landslide , also known as a landslip or mudslide , is a form of mass wasting that includes a wide range of ground movements , such as rockfalls , deep failure of slopes , and shallow debris flows . 
Billung ::   the house of billung was a dynasty of saxon noblemen in the 9th through 12th centuries . 
Infection ::   infection is the invasion of an organism 's body tissues by disease - causing agents , their multiplication , and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce . 
Society ::   a society is a group of people involved in persistent social interaction , or a large social group sharing the same geographical or social territory , typically subject to the same political authority and dominant cultural expectations . 
Radionuclide ::   a radionuclide ( radioactive nuclide , radioisotope or radioactive isotope ) is an atom that has excess nuclear energy , making it unstable . 
Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen ::   hohenzollern - sigmaringen was a small county in southwestern germany . 
Galago ::   galagos , also known as bushbabies , bush babies , or nagapies ( meaning " little night monkeys " in afrikaans ) , are small nocturnal primates native to continental africa , and make up the family galagidae ( also sometimes called galagonidae ) . 
Scooby-Doo ::   scooby - doo is an american animated cartoon franchise , comprising several animated television series produced from 1969 to the present day . 
Malayalam ::   malayalam (; ) is a dravidian language spoken in india , predominantly in the state of kerala . 
Cypherpunk ::   a cypherpunk is any activist advocating widespread use of strong cryptography and privacy - enhancing technologies as a route to social and political change . 
Aeneid ::   the aeneid (; ) is a latin epic poem , written by virgil between 29 and 19 bc , that tells the legendary story of aeneas , a trojan who travelled to italy , where he became the ancestor of the romans . 
Suetonius ::   gaius suetonius tranquillus ( ) , commonly known as suetonius (; c. 69 – after 122 ad ) , was a roman historian belonging to the equestrian order who wrote during the early imperial era of the roman empire . 
Calpurnia ::   calpurnia can refer to : in ancient rome : 
Aldehyde ::   an aldehyde or alkanal is an organic compound containing a functional group with the structure −cho , consisting of a carbonyl center ( a carbon double - bonded to oxygen ) with the carbon atom also bonded to hydrogen and to an r group , which is any generic alkyl or side chain . 
Drought ::   a drought is a period of below - average precipitation in a given region , resulting in prolonged shortages in the water supply , whether atmospheric , surface water or ground water . 
Soldier ::   a soldier is one who fights as part of a land - based army . 
Republican ::   republican can refer to : 
CERN ::   the european organization for nuclear research ( french : " organisation européenne pour la recherche nucléaire " ) , known as cern (; ; derived from the name " conseil européen pour la recherche nucléaire " ) , is a european research organization that operates the largest particle physics laboratory in the world . 
Verb ::   a verb , from the latin " verbum " meaning " word " , is a word ( part of speech ) that in syntax conveys an action ( " bring " , " read " , " walk " , " run " , " learn " ) , an occurrence ( " happen " , " become " ) , or a state of being ( " be " , " exist " , " stand " ) . 
R.U.R. ::   r.u.r. is a 1920 science fiction play by the czech writer karel čapek . 
Epcot ::   epcot ( originally named epcot center ) is a theme park at the walt disney world resort in bay lake , florida . 
Fertilizer ::   a fertilizer ( american english ) or fertiliser ( british english ; see spelling differences ) is any material of natural or synthetic origin ( other than liming materials ) that is applied to soils or to plant tissues ( usually leaves ) to supply one or more plant nutrients essential to the growth of plants . 
Chicken ::   the chicken ( " gallus gallus domesticus " ) is a type of domesticated fowl , a subspecies of the red junglefowl . 
KFC ::   kfc , until 1991 known as kentucky fried chicken , is an american fast food restaurant chain that specializes in fried chicken . 
Kristiansund ::   kristiansund ( historically " christianssund " and earlier " fosna " ) is a city and municipality on the western coast of norway in the nordmøre district of møre og romsdal county . 
Strasbourg ::   strasbourg ( , ; alsatian : " strossburi " ; ) is the capital and largest city of the grand est region of france and is the official seat of the european parliament . 
Ravenna ::   ravenna ( , also locally ; ) is the capital city of the province of ravenna , in the emilia - romagna region of northern italy . 
Dresden ::   dresden (; , ) is the capital city and , after leipzig , the second - largest city of the free state of saxony in germany . 
Bowline ::   the bowline ( or ) is an ancient and simple knot used to form a fixed loop at the end of a rope . 
Equilibrium ::   equilibrium , in several sciences , is the condition of a system in which all competing influences are balanced . 
Squeak ::   the squeak programming language is a dialect of smalltalk . 
Beirut ::   beirut ( " " , ) is the capital and largest city of lebanon . 
Solvent ::   a solvent ( from the latin " solvō " , " loosen , untie , solve " ) is a substance that dissolves a solute ( a chemically distinct liquid , solid or gas ) , resulting in a solution . 
Westminster ::   westminster ( ) is an area of central london within the city of westminster , part of the west end , on the north bank of the river thames . 
Emergence ::   in philosophy , systems theory , science , and art , emergence is a phenomenon whereby larger entities arise through interactions among smaller or simpler entities such that the larger entities exhibit properties the smaller / simpler entities do not exhibit . 
Kannada ::   kannada (; ) , also known as canarese or kanarese , is a dravidian language spoken predominantly by kannada people in india , mainly in the state of karnataka , and by significant linguistic minorities in the states of andhra pradesh , telangana , tamil nadu , maharashtra , kerala , goa and abroad . 
Trondheim ::   trondheim ( ) , historically kaupangen , nidaros and trondhjem , is a city and municipality in sør - trøndelag county , norway . 
Intranet ::   an intranet is a private network accessible only to an organisation 's staff . 
Womyn ::   womyn is one of several alternative spellings of the english word " women " used by some feminists . 
Noun ::   a noun ( from latin " nōmen " , literally meaning " name " ) is a word that functions as the name of some specific thing or set of things , such as living creatures , objects , places , actions , qualities , states of existence , or ideas . 
Terrarium ::   a terrarium ( plural : terraria or terrariums ) is usually a sealable glass container containing soil and plants , and can be opened for maintenance to access the plants inside . 
Garnet ::   garnets ( ) are a group of silicate minerals that have been used since the bronze age as gemstones and abrasives . 
Magma ::   magma ( from ancient greek μάγμα ( " mágma " ) meaning " thick unguent " ) is a mixture of molten or semi - molten rock , volatiles and solids that is found beneath the surface of the earth , and is expected to exist on other terrestrial planets and some natural satellites . 
Adjective ::   in linguistics , an adjective ( abbreviated ) is a describing word , the main syntactic role of which is to qualify a noun or noun phrase , giving more information about the object signified . 
Adverb ::   an adverb is a word that modifies a verb , adjective , another adverb , determiner , noun phrase , clause , or sentence . 
Shravanabelagola ::   shravanabelagola ( ) is a town located near channarayapatna of hassan district in the indian state of karnataka and is 144   km from bangalore , the capital of the state . 
Tornado ::   a tornado is a rapidly rotating column of air that is in contact with both the surface of the earth and a cumulonimbus cloud or , in rare cases , the base of a cumulus cloud . 
Hyderabad ::   hyderabad ( ; often ) is the capital of the southern indian state of telangana and " de jure " capital of andhra pradesh . 
PalmPilot ::   the palmpilot personal and palmpilot professional are the second generation of palm pda devices produced by palm inc ( then a subsidiary of u.s. robotics ) . 
Mycenae ::   mycenae ( greek : " mykēnai " or " mykēnē " ) is an archaeological site near mikines in greece , located about southwest of athens , in the north - eastern peloponnese . 
Thetis ::   thetis (; ) , is encountered in greek mythology mostly as a sea nymph or known as the goddess of water , one of the 50 nereids , daughters of the ancient sea god nereus . 
Chardonnay ::   chardonnay ( ) is a green - skinned grape variety used in the production of white wine . 
Airport ::   an airport is an aerodrome with extended facilities , mostly for commercial air transport . 
Museum ::   a museum ( ; plural musea or museums ) is an institution that cares for ( conserves ) a collection of artifacts and other objects of artistic , cultural , historical , or scientific importance . 
Dorset ::   dorset ( or archaically , dorsetshire ) is a county in south west england on the english channel coast . 
Weasel ::   a weasel is a mammal of the genus mustela of the family mustelidae . 
Eagle ::   eagle is a common name for many large birds of prey of the family accipitridae ; it belongs to several groups of genera that are not necessarily closely related to each other . 
Kanji ::   kanji (; ) are the adopted logographic chinese characters ( ' ) that are used in the modern japanese writing system along with hiragana and katakana . 
Norfolk ::   norfolk ( ) is a county in east anglia in england . 
Putamen ::   the putamen ( ) is a round structure located at the base of the forebrain ( telencephalon ) . 
Striatum ::   the striatum ( also the neostriatum and the striate nucleus ) is one of the nuclei in the subcortical basal ganglia of the forebrain . 
Voicelessness ::   in linguistics , voicelessness is the property of sounds being pronounced without the larynx vibrating . 
Finger ::   a finger is a limb of the human body and a type of digit , an organ of manipulation and found in the hands of humans and other primates . 
Encephalitis ::   encephalitis is inflammation of the brain . 
Nucleophile ::   a nucleophile is a chemical species that donates an electron pair to an electrophile to form a chemical bond in relation to a reaction . 
Tremor ::   a tremor is an involuntary , somewhat rhythmic , muscle contraction and relaxation involving oscillations or twitching movements of one or more body parts . 
Amplitude ::   the amplitude of a periodic variable is a measure of its change over a single period ( such as time or spatial period ) . 
Kyoto ::   the city of is a city located in the central part of the island of honshu , japan . 
CBS ::   cbs ( an initialism of the network 's former name , the columbia broadcasting system ) is an american english language commercial broadcast television network that is a flagship property of cbs corporation . 
Owl ::   owls are birds from the order strigiformes , which includes about 200 species of mostly solitary and nocturnal birds of prey typified by an upright stance , a large , broad head , binocular vision , binaural hearing , sharp talons , and feathers adapted for silent flight . 
Aristocracy ::   aristocracy ( greek ἀριστοκρατία " aristokratía " , from ἄριστος " " " excellent " , and κράτος " " " power " ) is a form of government that places power in the hands of a small , privileged ruling class . 
Symbol ::   a symbol is a mark , sign , or word that indicates , signifies , or is understood as representing an idea , object , or relationship . 
Duck ::   duck is the common name for a large number of species in the waterfowl family anatidae , which also includes swans and geese . 
Seed ::   a seed is an embryonic plant enclosed in a protective outer covering . 
Flare ::   a flare , also sometimes called a fusee , is a type of pyrotechnic that produces a brilliant light or intense heat without an explosion . 
Energia ::   energia ( , , " energy " ) was a soviet rocket that was designed by npo energia to serve as a heavy - lift partially recoverable launch system for a variety of payloads including the buran spacecraft . 
Staccato ::   staccato ( italian for " detached " ) is a form of musical articulation . 
Legato ::   in music performance and notation , legato ( italian for " tied together " ; french " lié " ; german " gebunden " ) indicates that musical notes are played or sung smoothly and connected . 
Tuning ::   tuning can refer to : 
Snowdonia ::   snowdonia ( ) is a mountainous region in north west wales and a national park of in area . 
Blancmange ::   blancmange ( or , from french " blanc - manger " ) is a sweet dessert commonly made with milk or cream and sugar thickened with gelatin , cornstarch or irish moss ( a source of carrageenan ) , and often flavoured with almonds . 
Melody ::   a melody ( " singing , chanting " ) , also tune , voice , or line , is a linear succession of musical tones that the listener perceives as a single entity . 
Soil ::   soil is a mixture of organic matter , minerals , gases , liquids , and organisms that together support life . 
Mead ::   mead (; archaic and dialectal meath or meathe , from old english " medu " ) is an alcoholic beverage created by fermenting honey with water , sometimes with various fruits , spices , grains , or hops . 
Turtle ::   turtles are reptiles of the order testudines ( or chelonii ) characterised by a special bony or cartilaginous shell developed from their ribs and acting as a shield . 
Éraic ::   éraic ( or " eric " ) was the irish equivalent of the welsh galanas and the anglo - saxon and scandic weregild , a form of tribute paid in reparation for murder or other major crimes . 
Isis ::   isis (; ; egyptian : " 3s.t " or " js.t ; " coptic : " ēse " ) is a goddess from the polytheistic pantheon of egypt . 
Mountain ::   a mountain is a large landform that stretches above the surrounding land in a limited area , usually in the form of a peak . 
Delhi ::   delhi ( , dilli ) , officially the national capital territory of delhi or nct , is a city and a union territory of india . 
Vindolanda ::   vindolanda was a roman auxiliary fort ( " castrum " ) just south of hadrian 's wall in northern england . 
Plzeň ::   plzeň ( ) , also called pilsen in english and german , is a city in western bohemia in the czech republic . 
Hippopotamus ::   the common hippopotamus ( " hippopotamus amphibius " ) , or hippo , is a large , mostly herbivorous , semi - aquatic mammal native to sub - saharan africa , and one of only two extant species in the family hippopotamidae , the other being the pygmy hippopotamus ( " choeropsis liberiensis " or " hexaprotodon liberiensis " ) . 
Seville ::   seville (; , ) is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of andalusia and the province of seville , spain . 
Lyonesse ::   lyonesse is a country in arthurian legend , particularly in the story of tristan and iseult . 
Tajiks ::   tajik (: " tājīk " , ) is a general designation for a wide range of persian - speaking people of iranian origin , with traditional homelands in present - day tajikistan , afghanistan and uzbekistan . 
Luge ::   a luge is a small one- or two - person sled on which one sleds supine ( face up ) and feet - first . 
Anglo-Saxons ::   the anglo - saxons were a people who inhabited great britain from the 5th century . 
Augsburg ::   augsburg (; ) is a city in swabia , bavaria , germany . 
Mosquito ::   mosquitoes are small , midge - like flies that constitute the family culicidae . 
Dendrochronology ::   dendrochronology ( or tree - ring dating ) is the scientific method of dating tree rings ( also called growth rings ) to the exact year they were formed in order to analyze atmospheric conditions during different periods in history . 
Ovid ::   publius ovidius naso (; 20 march 43 bc – ad 17/18 ) , known as ovid ( ) in the english - speaking world , was a roman poet who lived during the reign of augustus . 
Cubism ::   cubism is an early-20th - century art movement which brought european painting and sculpture historically forward toward 20th century modern art . 
Catalase ::   catalase is a common enzyme found in nearly all living organisms exposed to oxygen ( such as bacteria , plants , and animals ) . 
Bulgakov ::   bulgakov ( ) is a russian surname . 
Reformation ::   the reformation , also referred to as the protestant reformation , was a schism from the catholic church initiated by martin luther and continued by john calvin , huldrych zwingli , and other early protestant reformers in 16th - century europe . 
Crocodile ::   crocodiles ( subfamily crocodylinae ) or true crocodiles are large aquatic reptiles that live throughout the tropics in africa , asia , the americas and australia . 
Aida ::   aida ( ) is an opera in four acts by giuseppe verdi to an italian libretto by antonio ghislanzoni . 
Thrust ::   thrust is a reaction force described quantitatively by isaac newton 's second and third laws . 
Cyprian ::   cyprian (; 200 – september 14 , 258 ad ) was bishop of carthage and a notable early christian writer of berber descent , many of whose latin works are extant . 
Ernani ::   ernani is an operatic " dramma lirico " in four acts by giuseppe verdi to an italian libretto by francesco maria piave , based on the play " hernani " by victor hugo . 
Spacecraft ::   a spacecraft is a vehicle or machine designed to fly in outer space . 
Carmen ::   carmen (; ) is an opera in four acts by french composer georges bizet . 
Purple ::   purple is a color intermediate between blue and red . 
Feldspar ::   feldspars ( kalsio – naalsio – caalsio ) are a group of rock - forming tectosilicate minerals that make up about 41% of the earth 's continental crust by weight . 
ECE ::   ece is an initialism with disparate meanings , including : 
Yucatán ::   yucatán ( ) , officially the free and sovereign state of yucatán ( ) , is one of the 31 states which , with mexico city , comprise the 32 federal entities of mexico . 
Himalayas ::   the himalayas , or himalaya , ( or ) form a mountain range in asia separating the plains of the indian subcontinent from the tibetan plateau . 
Ramen ::   the origin of ramen is unclear . 
Belarusians ::   belarusians ( , " bielarusy " , or byelorussians ( from the byelorussian ssr ) , are an east slavic ethnic group who are native to modern - day belarus and the immediate region . 
Millet ::   millets ( /ˈmɪlɪts/ ) are a group of highly variable small - seeded grasses , widely grown around the world as cereal crops or grains for fodder and human food . 
Totnes ::   totnes ( or ) is a market town and civil parish at the head of the estuary of the river dart in devon , england within the south devon area of outstanding natural beauty . 
Typex ::   in the history of cryptography , typex ( alternatively , type x or typex ) machines were british cipher machines used from 1937 . 
WCL ::   wcl may stand for : 
Niacin ::   niacin , also known as nicotinic acid , is an organic compound and is , depending on the definition used , one of the 20 to 80 essential human nutrients . 
Phenylalanine ::   phenylalanine ( phe or f ) is an α-amino acid with the formula . 
Heliox ::   heliox is a breathing gas composed of a mixture of helium ( he ) and oxygen ( o ) . 
Squid ::   squid are cephalopods of the order teuthida , which comprises around 304 species . 
Aden ::   aden ( , ; " " ) is a port city in yemen , located by the eastern approach to the red sea ( the gulf of aden ) , some east of bab - el - mandeb . 
Theodoret ::   theodoret of cyrus or cyrrhus (; c. ad 393 – c. 458/466 ) was an influential theologian of the school of antioch , biblical commentator , and christian bishop of cyrrhus ( 423–457 ) . 
Gender ::   gender is the range of characteristics pertaining to , and differentiating between , masculinity and femininity . 
Narcotic ::   the term narcotic ( , from ancient greek ναρκῶ " narkō " , " to make numb " ) originally referred medically to any psychoactive compound with sleep - inducing properties . 
Powaqqatsi ::   powaqqatsi ( ) , or powaqqatsi : life in transformation , is a 1988 american documentary film directed by godfrey reggio and the sequel to reggio 's experimental 1982 film , " koyaanisqatsi " . 
BMX ::   bmx , an abbreviation for bicycle motocross or bike motocross , is a cycle sport performed on bmx bikes , either in competitive bmx racing or freestyle bmx , or else in general on- or off - road recreation . 
Crucifixion ::   crucifixion is a method of capital punishment in which the victim is tied , nailed , or otherwise attached to a large wooden beam and left to hang for several days until eventual death from exhaustion and asphyxiation . 
Peperomia ::   peperomia ( radiator plant ) is one of the 2 large genera of the piperaceae family , with more than 1000 recorded species . 
Saxony-Anhalt ::   saxony - anhalt ( , ) is a landlocked federal state of germany surrounded by the federal states of lower saxony , brandenburg , saxony and thuringia . 
Lingerie ::   lingerie ( or ) is a category of women 's clothing including at least undergarments , sleepwear and lightweight robes . 
Avignon ::   avignon (; ; , ) is a commune in south - eastern france in the department of vaucluse on the left bank of the rhône river . 
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern ::   mecklenburg - vorpommern (; often mecklenburg - west pomerania in english and commonly shortened to " meck - pomm " or even " mcpom " in german ) is a federal state in northern germany . 
Bi-curious ::   bi - curious is a phenomenon in which people of a heterosexual or homosexual identity who , while showing some curiosity for sexual activity with a person of the sex they do not favor , distinguish themselves from the bisexual label . 
Clothing ::   clothing ( also known as clothes and attire ) is fibre and textile material worn on the body . 
Fetishism ::   a fetish ( derived from the french " fétiche " ; which comes from the portuguese " feitiço " ; and this in turn from latin " facticius " , " artificial " and " facere " , " to make " ) is an object believed to have supernatural powers , or in particular , a human - made object that has power over others . 
Menstruation ::   menstruation , also known as a period or monthly , is the regular discharge of blood and mucosal tissue from the inner lining of the uterus through the vagina . 
Footwear ::   footwear refers to garments worn on the feet , which originally serves to purpose of protection against adversities of the environment , usually regarding ground textures and temperature . 
Numismatics ::   numismatics is the study or collection of currency , including coins , tokens , paper money , and related objects . 
Hosiery ::   hosiery , also referred to as legwear , describes garments worn directly on the feet and legs . 
Fnord ::   " fnord " ( ) is a word coined in 1965 by kerry thornley and greg hill in the " principia discordia " . 
Shit ::   shit is a word considered vulgar and profane in modern english . 
Engineer ::   engineers are people who invent , design , analyse , build and test machines , systems , structures and materials to fulfil objectives and requirements while considering the limitations imposed by practicality , regulation , safety , and cost . 
Kiskunlacháza ::   kiskunlacháza is a town in pest county in the northern part of central hungary , approximately 4 miles from the danube river and its largest neighbor , ráckeve . 
Tannhäuser ::   tannhäuser (; middle high german : " tanhûser " ) was a german minnesinger and poet . 
Parsifal ::   parsifal ( wwv 111 ) is an opera in three acts by german composer richard wagner . 
Uniform ::   a uniform is a type of clothing worn by members of an organization while participating in that organization 's activity . 
Hepatitis ::   hepatitis is inflammation of the liver tissue . 
Tosca ::   tosca ( ) is an opera in three acts by giacomo puccini to an italian libretto by luigi illica and giuseppe giacosa . 
Turandot ::   turandot ( ; ; ) is an opera in three acts by giacomo puccini , completed by franco alfano , and set to a libretto in italian by giuseppe adami and renato simoni . 
Radiohead ::   radiohead are an english rock band from abingdon , oxfordshire , formed in 1985 . 
Electrolysis ::   in chemistry and manufacturing , electrolysis is a technique that uses a direct electric current ( dc ) to drive an otherwise non - spontaneous chemical reaction . 
Epirus ::   epirus ( ) is a geographical and historical region in southeastern europe , now shared between greece and albania . 
Montevideo ::   montevideo ( ) is the capital and largest city of uruguay . 
Granada ::   granada ( , , ) is the capital city of the province of granada , in the autonomous community of andalusia , spain . 
Nicotine ::   nicotine is a potent parasympathomimetic stimulant and an alkaloid found in the nightshade family of plants . 
PDP-7 ::   the pdp-7 was a minicomputer produced by digital equipment corporation as part of the pdp series . 
NOFX ::   nofx is an american punk rock band from los angeles , california . 
Musician ::   a musician ( or instrumentalist ) is a person who plays a musical instrument or is musically talented . 
Inflation ::   in economics , inflation is a sustained increase in the general price level of goods and services in an economy over a period of time . 
Madonna ::   madonna ( from medieval italian , meaning " my lady " ) most commonly refers to : madonna may also refer to : 
Activision ::   activision publishing , inc. is an american video game publisher . 
Pancreas ::   the pancreas is a glandular organ in the digestive system and endocrine system of vertebrates . 
Pegmatite ::   a pegmatite is a holocrystalline , intrusive igneous rock composed of interlocking phaneritic crystals usually larger than 2.5   cm in size ( 1   inch ) ; such rocks are referred to as " pegmatitic " . 
Cannabis ::   cannabis ( ) is a genus of flowering plant in the family cannabaceae . 
Bong ::   a bong ( also water pipe , billy , bing , or moof ) is a filtration device generally used for smoking cannabis , tobacco , or other herbal substances . 
Belisario ::   belisario ( " belisarius " ) is a " tragedia lirica " ( tragic opera ) in three acts by gaetano donizetti . 
Cigar ::   a cigar is a rolled bundle of dried and fermented tobacco leaf , produced in a variety of types and sizes to be smoked . 
Cigarette ::   a cigarette , or cigaret , is a small cylinder of finely cut tobacco leaves rolled in thin paper for smoking . 
Pali ::   pali ( " " ) is a prakrit language native to the indian subcontinent . 
Horikawa ::   horikawa can refer to : 
Harlequin ::   harlequin (; , , old french " harlequin " ) is the best - known of the " zanni " or comic servant characters from the italian " commedia dell'arte " . 
Zanni ::   zanni ( ) , zani or zane is a character type of commedia dell'arte best known as an astute servant and trickster . 
Brighella ::   brighella ( frenchis : brighelle ) is a comic , masked character from the commedia dell'arte . 
Columbina ::   columbina ( in italian colombina , meaning " little dove " ; in french and english colombine ) is a stock character in the " commedia dell'arte " . 
Rapier ::   rapier ( ) or espada ropera , is a loose term for a type of slender , sharply pointed sword . 
Hypatia ::   hypatia (; ; " hupatía " ; born 350–370 ; died 415 ad ) , often called hypatia of alexandria , was a greek mathematician , astronomer , inventor , and philosopher in egypt , then a part of the eastern roman empire . 
Dementia ::   dementia is a broad category of brain diseases that cause a long - term and often gradual decrease in the ability to think and remember that is great enough to affect a person 's daily functioning . 
Humour ::   humour ( british english ) or humor ( american english ; see spelling differences ) is the tendency of particular cognitive experiences to provoke laughter and provide amusement . 
Hesse ::   hesse ( or ) or hessia ( , hessian dialect : " hesse " ) is a federal state ( " land " ) of the federal republic of germany , with just over six million inhabitants . 
Peleus ::   in greek mythology , peleus (; , " pēleus " ) was a hero whose myth was already known to the hearers of homer in the late 8th century bc . 
Plotinus ::   plotinus (; ;   204/5 – 270 ) was a major greek - speaking philosopher of the ancient world . 
Deer ::   deer ( singular and plural ) are the ruminant mammals forming the family cervidae . 
Wool ::   wool is the textile fiber obtained from sheep and other animals , including cashmere and mohair from goats , qiviut from muskoxen , angora from rabbits , and other types of wool from camelids . 
Half-reaction ::   a half reaction is either the oxidation or reduction reaction component of a redox reaction . 
Psilocybin ::   psilocybin ( ) is a naturally occurring psychedelic prodrug compound produced by more than 200 species of mushrooms , collectively known as psilocybin mushrooms . 
Fidelio ::   fidelio ( originally titled ; english : " leonore , or the triumph of marital love " ) , op . 
Franche-Comté ::   franche - comté (; literally " free county " , frainc - comtou dialect : " fraintche - comtè " ; ; ; ) is a former administrative region and a traditional province of eastern france . 
Carnival ::   carnival ( see other spellings and names ) is a western christian festive season that occurs before the liturgical season of lent . 
Artois ::   artois (; adjective artesian ; ) is a region of northern france . 
Drummer ::   a drummer is a percussionist who creates and accompanies music using drums . 
Genus ::   a genus ( ,   genera ) is a taxonomic rank used in the biological classification of living and fossil organisms in biology . 
Frog ::   a frog is any member of a diverse and largely carnivorous group of short - bodied , tailless amphibians composing the order anura ( ancient greek " an- , " without + " oura " , tail ) . 
Toad ::   toad is a common name for certain frogs , especially of the family bufonidae , that are characterized by dry , leathery skin , short legs , and large bumps covering the parotoid glands . 
Lyrics ::   lyrics are words that make up a song usually consisting of verses and choruses . 
Pas-de-Calais ::   pas - de - calais ( ) is a department in northern france named after the french designation of the strait of dover , which it borders ( ' pas ' meaning passage ) . inhabited since prehistoric times , the pas - de - calais region was populated in turn by the celtic belgae , the romans , the germanic franks and the alemanni . 
Bayesian ::   bayesian refers to methods in probability and statistics named after thomas bayes ( c. 1702–61 ) , in particular methods related to statistical inference : 
Adoption ::   adoption is a process whereby a person assumes the parenting of another , usually a child , from that person 's biological or legal parent or parents , and , in so doing , permanently transfers all rights and responsibilities , along with filiation , from the biological parent or parents . 
Multiplexer ::   in electronics , a multiplexer ( or mux ) is a device that selects one of several analog or digital input signals and forwards the selected input into a single line . 
Nutmeg ::   nutmeg refers to the seed or ground spice of several species of the " myristica " genus . 
Dotdash ::   dotdash ( formerly about.com ) is an american internet - based network of content that publishes articles and videos about various subjects on its " topic sites " , of which there are nearly 1,000 . 
Konoe ::   konoe ( written : 近衛 ) is a japanese surname . 
Adenine ::   adenine ( a , ade ) is a nucleobase ( a purine derivative ) . 
Hebron ::   hebron ( ; ) is a palestinian city located in the southern west bank , south of jerusalem . 
Gravity ::   gravity , or gravitation , is a natural phenomenon by which all things with mass are brought toward ( or " gravitate " toward ) one another , including objects ranging from atoms and photons , to planets and stars . 
Poltava ::   poltava ( ) is a city located on the vorskla river in central ukraine . 
Æsir ::   in old norse , ' ( or ' , plural " ; feminine ' , plural ' ) is a member of the principal pantheon in norse religion . 
Perpignan ::   perpignan (; ) is a city , a commune , and the capital of the pyrénées - orientales department in southern france . 
World ::   the world is the planet earth and all life upon it , including human civilization . 
Bofors ::   bofors ab is a swedish arms manufacturer . 
Cosmos ::   the cosmos ( , ) is the universe regarded as a complex and orderly system ; the opposite of chaos . 
Brittany ::   brittany (; ; , pronounced or ; gallo : " bertaèyn " , pronounced ) is a cultural region ( see also brittany ( administrative region ) ) in the north - west of france covering the western part of armorica , as it was known during the period of roman occupation . 
Juggling ::   juggling is a physical skill , performed by a juggler , involving the manipulation of objects for recreation , entertainment , art or sport . 
ArXiv ::   arxiv ( pronounced " archive " ) is a repository of electronic preprints , known as e - prints , of scientific papers in the fields of mathematics , physics , astronomy , computer science , quantitative biology , statistics , and quantitative finance , which can be accessed online . 
Integrase ::   retroviral integrase ( in ) is an enzyme produced by a retrovirus ( such as hiv ) that enables its genetic material to be integrated into the dna of the infected cell . 
Mercia ::   mercia ( ) was one of the kingdoms of the anglo - saxon heptarchy . 
Hunting ::   hunting is the practice of killing or trapping animals , or pursuing or tracking them with the intent of doing so . hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food , recreation , to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals , or for trade . 
Sausthorpe ::   sausthorpe is a small village and civil parish in the east lindsey district of lincolnshire , england . 
Galanthus ::   galanthus ( snowdrop ; greek " gála " " milk " , " ánthos " " flower " ) is a small genus of about 20 species of bulbous perennial herbaceous plants in the family amaryllidaceae . 
Proline ::   proline ( abbreviated as pro or p ; encoded by the codons ccu , ccc , cca , and ccg ) is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
Coven ::   a coven usually refers to a gathering of witches . 
Amstrad ::   amstrad is a british electronics company . 
Fulda ::   fulda ( ) ( historically in english called fuld ) is a city in hesse , germany ; it is located on the river fulda and is the administrative seat of the fulda district ( " kreis " ) . 
Sheepshank ::   a shank is a type of knot that is used to shorten a rope or take up slack , such as the sheepshank . 
Finglas ::   finglas (; ) is a suburb of the city of dublin , ireland . 
Tantalus ::   tantalus ( , " tántalos " ) was a greek mythological figure , most famous for his eternal punishment in tartarus . 
Lever ::   a lever ( or ) is a machine consisting of a beam or rigid rod pivoted at a fixed hinge , or fulcrum . 
Flax ::   flax ( " linum usitatissimum " ) , also known as common flax or linseed , is a member of the genus " linum " in the family linaceae . 
Bessarabia ::   bessarabia (; , " bessarabiya " ; ; " , bessarabiya " ; " besarabiya " ) is a historical region in eastern europe , bounded by the dniester river on the east and the prut river on the west . 
Panettone ::   panettone ( pronounced ; ) is an italian type of sweet bread loaf originally from milan ( in milanese dialect of the lombard language it is called " paneton " , ) , usually prepared and enjoyed for christmas and new year in western , southern europe and southeastern as well as in latin america , the horn of africa , and to a lesser extent in former french , spanish and portuguese colonies . 
Palermo ::   palermo ( , sicilian : " palermu " , , from , " panormos " ) is a city of southern italy , the capital of both the autonomous region of sicily and the metropolitan city of palermo . 
Abolitionism ::   abolitionism is a movement to end slavery , whether formal or informal . 
Innamorati ::   " gli innamorati " ( , meaning " the lovers " ) were stock characters within the theatre style known as commedia dell'arte , which appeared in 16th century italy . 
Slapstick ::   slapstick is a style of humor involving exaggerated physical activity which exceeds the boundaries of normal physical comedy . 
Scenario ::   in the performing arts , a scenario ( , ; from italian : " that which is pinned to the scenery " ; pronounced ) is a synoptical collage of an event or series of actions and events . 
Lazzi ::   lazzi (; from the italian " lazzo " , a joke or witticism ) are stock comedic routines that are traditionally associated with " commedia dell'arte " . 
Brown ::   brown is a composite color . 
Proserpina ::   proserpina (; ) or proserpine ( ) is an ancient roman goddess whose cult , myths and mysteries were based on those of greek persephone and her mother demeter , the greek goddess of grain and agriculture . 
Nijō ::   nijō can refer to : 
Kronborg ::   kronborg is a castle and stronghold in the town of helsingør , denmark . 
Jupiter ::   jupiter is the fifth planet from the sun and the largest in the solar system . 
Montanism ::   montanism , known by its adherents as the new prophecy , was an early christian movement of the late 2nd century , later referred to by the name of its founder , montanus . 
Yankee ::   the term " yankee " and its contracted form " yank " have several interrelated meanings , all referring to people from the united states . 
Banana ::   the banana is an edible fruit – botanically a berry – produced by several kinds of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus " musa " . 
Goldie ::   clifford joseph price , mbe ( born 19 september 1965 ) , better known by his stage name goldie , is an english musician , dj , visual artist and actor from walsall . 
Snowboarding ::   snowboarding is a recreational activity and olympic and paralympic sport that involves descending a snow - covered slope while standing on a snowboard attached to a rider 's feet . 
Picometre ::   the picometre ( international spelling as used by the international bureau of weights and measures ; si symbol : pm ) or picometer ( american spelling ) is a unit of length in the metric system , equal to , or one trillionth of a metre , which is the si base unit of length . 
Chinatown ::   a chinatown ( ) is an ethnic enclave of chinese or han people located outside mainland china or taiwan , most often in an urban setting . 
Photosphere ::   the photosphere is a star 's outer shell from which light is radiated . 
Boardsport ::   boardsports are sports that are played with some sort of board as the primary equipment . 
Vulcanization ::   vulcanization or vulcanisation is a chemical process for converting natural rubber or related polymers into more durable materials by the addition of sulfur or other equivalent curatives or accelerators . 
Wall ::   a " wall " is a structure that defines an area , carries a load , or provides shelter or security . 
Bamboo ::   the bamboos are evergreen perennial flowering plants in the subfamily bambusoideae of the grass family poaceae . 
Mesoderm ::   in all bilaterian animals , the mesoderm is one of the three primary " germ layers " in the very early " embryo " . 
Sifaka ::   sifakas ( singular " sifaka " ; ; ) are a genus ( propithecus ) of lemur from the family indriidae within the order primates . 
OS-9 ::   os-9 is a family of real - time , process - based , multitasking , multi - user operating systems , developed in the 1980s , originally by microware systems corporation for the motorola 6809 microprocessor . 
Kidderminster ::   kidderminster is a large town and civil parish in the wyre forest district of worcestershire , england . 
Ferdinand ::   ferdinand is a germanic name composed of the elements " frith " " protection " , " frið " " peace " ( pie " pri " to love , to make peace ) or alternatively " farð " " journey , travel " , proto - germanic * farthi , abstract noun from root * far- " to fare , travel " ( pie " par " " to lead , pass over " ) , and " nanth " " courage " or " nand " " ready , prepared " related to old spanish , old high german " nendan " " to risk , venture . " 
Nvidia ::   nvidia corporation ( ) ( most commonly referred to as nvidia , stylized as nvidia , nvidia or nvidia ) is an american technology company based in santa clara , california . 
Z/OS ::   z / os is a 64-bit operating system for ibm mainframes , produced by ibm . 
OS/390 ::   os/390 is an ibm operating system for the system/390 ibm mainframe computers . 
Faunus ::   in ancient roman religion and myth , faunus was the horned god of the forest , plains and fields ; when he made cattle fertile he was called inuus . 
Clustering ::   clustering can refer to the following : in graph theory : in statistics and data mining : in computing : 
ReiserFS ::   reiserfs is a general - purpose , journaled computer file system formerly designed and implemented by a team at namesys led by hans reiser . 
NTFS ::   ntfs ( " new technology file system " ) is a proprietary file system developed by microsoft . 
Racquetball ::   racquetball is a racquet sport played with a hollow rubber ball in an indoor or outdoor court . 
Ext2 ::   the ext2 or second extended filesystem is a file system for the linux kernel . 
Ext3 ::   ext3 , or third extended filesystem , is a journaled file system that is commonly used by the linux kernel . 
Business ::   a business ( also known as an enterprise , a company , or a firm ) is an organizational entity and legal entity made up of an association of people , be they natural , legal , or a mixture of both who share a common purpose and unite in order to focus their various talents and organize their collectively available skills or resources to achieve specific declared goals and are involved in the provision of goods and services to consumers . 
Commerce ::   commerce is " the activity of buying and selling , especially on a large scale " . 
Albury–Wodonga ::   albury – wodonga is the broad settlement incorporating the twin australian cities of albury and wodonga , which are separated geographically by the murray river and politically by a state border : albury on the north of the river is part of new south wales while wodonga on the south bank is in victoria . 
Ballsbridge ::   ballsbridge or ball 's bridge ( ) is an affluent neighbourhood of the city of dublin , capital of the republic of ireland . 
IS-IS ::   intermediate system to intermediate system ( is - is ) is a routing protocol designed to move information efficiently within a computer network , a group of physically connected computers or similar devices . 
Amaterasu ::   , or is a part of the japanese myth cycle and also a major deity of the shinto religion . 
Medea ::   in greek mythology , medea (; , " mēdeia " , ) was the daughter of king aeëtes of colchis , niece of circe , granddaughter of the sun god helios , and later wife to the hero jason . 
Playwright ::   a playwright , also known as a dramatist , is a person who writes plays . 
Caucasus ::   the caucasus or caucasia is a region located at the border of europe and asia , situated between the black sea and the caspian sea . 
Precondition ::   in computer programming , a precondition is a condition or predicate that must always be true just prior to the execution of some section of code or before an operation in a formal specification . 
Postcondition ::   in computer programming , a postcondition is a condition or predicate that must always be true just after the execution of some section of code or after an operation in a formal specification . 
Hide-and-seek ::   hide - and - seek ( or hide - and - go - seek ) is a popular game in which any number of players ( ideally at least three ) conceal themselves in the environment , to hide from one or more seekers . 
Orientalism ::   orientalism is a term that is used by art historians , literary and cultural studies scholars for the imitation or depiction of aspects in middle eastern , south asian , and east asian cultures ( eastern cultures ) . 
Crack ::   crack frequently refers to : crack may also refer to : 
Compass ::   a compass is an instrument used for navigation and orientation that shows direction relative to the geographic cardinal directions ( or points ) . 
Stigmata ::   stigmata ( singular " stigma " ) is a term used by members of the christian faith to describe body marks , sores , or sensations of pain in locations corresponding to the crucifixion wounds of jesus christ , such as the hands , wrists , and feet . 
Injunction ::   an injunction is an equitable remedy in the form of a court order that compels a party to do or refrain from specific acts . 
Franchise ::   franchise most commonly refers to : franchise may also refer to : 
PSPACE ::   in computational complexity theory , pspace is the set of all decision problems that can be solved by a turing machine using a polynomial amount of space . 
Operetta ::   operetta is a genre of light opera , " light " in terms both of music and subject matter . 
Uracil ::   uracil ( u ) is one of the four nucleobases in the nucleic acid of rna that are represented by the letters a , g , c and u. the others are adenine ( a ) , cytosine ( c ) , and guanine ( g ) . 
Tequila ::   tequila ( ) is a regionally specific distilled beverage and type of alcoholic drink made from the blue agave plant , primarily in the area surrounding the city of tequila , northwest of guadalajara , and in the highlands ( " los altos " ) of the central western mexican state of jalisco . 
Distance ::   distance is a numerical description of how far apart objects are . 
Engagement ::   an engagement , betrothal , or fiancer is a promise to we d , and also the period of time between a marriage proposal and a marriage . 
Manufacturing ::   manufacturing is the production of merchandise for use or sale using labour and machines , tools , chemical and biological processing , or formulation . 
Pine ::   a pine is any conifer in the genus pinus , , of the family pinaceae . 
Epicureanism ::   epicureanism is a system of philosophy based upon the teachings of the ancient greek philosopher epicurus , founded around 307 bc . 
Trisomy ::   a trisomy is a type of polysomy in which there are three instances of a particular chromosome , instead of the normal two . 
Aragon ::   aragon ( or , spanish and , or ) is an autonomous community in spain , coextensive with the medieval kingdom of aragon . 
Anti-psychiatry ::   anti - psychiatry is a movement based on the view that psychiatric treatment is often more damaging than helpful to patients . 
Magnavox ::   magnavox ( latin for " great voice " ) , ( stylized as magnavox ) is an american electronics company founded in the united states . 
Microware ::   microware was a us based in clive , iowa corporation that produced the os-9 real - time operating system . 
Nottingham ::   nottingham ( ) is a city and unitary authority area in nottinghamshire , england , north of london , in the east midlands . 
Geochemistry ::   geochemistry is the science that uses the tools and principles of chemistry to explain the mechanisms behind major geological systems such as the earth 's crust and its oceans . 
BASIC09 ::   basic09 is a structured basic programming language dialect developed by microware and motorola for the then - new motorola 6809 cpu and released in 1980 . 
Anjou ::   anjou (; ) is a historical province of france straddling the lower loire river . 
Soho ::   soho is an area of the city of westminster and is part of the west end of london . 
Electroporation ::   electroporation , or electropermeabilization , is a microbiology technique in which an electrical field is applied to cells in order to increase the permeability of the cell membrane , allowing chemicals , drugs , or dna to be introduced into the cell . 
Shiraz ::   shiraz (; , " šīrāz " , , ) is the sixth - most - populous city of iran and the capital of fars province ( old persian as pârsâ ) . 
Syrah ::   syrah or " shiraz " is a dark - skinned grape variety grown throughout the world and used primarily to produce red wine . 
Symbiosis ::   symbiosis ( from greek συμβίωσις " living together " , from σύν " together " and βίωσις " living " ) is any type of a close and long - term biological interaction between two different biological organisms , be it mutualistic , commensalistic , or parasitic . 
Cymbeline ::   cymbeline , also known as cymbeline , king of britain , is a play by william shakespeare set in ancient britain and based on legends that formed part of the matter of britain concerning the early celtic british king cunobeline . 
OCaml ::   ocaml ( ) , originally named objective caml , is the main implementation of the programming language caml , created by xavier leroy , jérôme vouillon , damien doligez , didier rémy , ascánder suárez and others in 1996 . 
Synclavier ::   the synclavier system was an early digital synthesizer , polyphonic digital sampling system , and music workstation manufactured by new england digital corporation of norwich , vermont , usa . 
DeCSS ::   decss was one of the first free computer programs capable of decrypting content on a commercially produced dvd video disc . 
Muckleshoot ::   the muckleshoot are a lushootseed - speaking native american tribe , part of the coast salish peoples of the pacific northwest . 
Banksia ::   banksia is a genus of around 170 species in the plant family proteaceae . 
Niihau ::   niihau (; hawaiian : ) is the westernmost and seventh largest inhabited island in hawaii . 
Bobsleigh ::   bobsleigh or bobsled is a winter sport in which teams of two or four teammates make timed runs down narrow , twisting , banked , iced tracks in a gravity - powered sled . 
Oak ::   an oak is a tree or shrub in the genus quercus (; latin " oak tree " ) of the beech family , fagaceae . 
Kingdom ::   kingdom most commonly refers to : kingdom may also refer to : 
Confocal ::   in geometry , confocal means having the same foci : confocal conic sections . 
Szczerbiec ::   szczerbiec ( ) is the coronation sword that was used in crowning ceremonies of most polish monarchs from 1320 to 1764 . 
Stomach ::   the stomach ( from ancient greek στόμαχος , " stomachos , " " stoma " means mouth ) is a muscular , hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals , including several invertebrates . 
Multi-user ::   multi - user software is software that allows access by multiple users of a computer . 
Sousaphone ::   the sousaphone ( ) , is a brass instrument in the same family as the more widely known tuba . 
Glome ::   glome is either : 
Simplex ::   in geometry , a simplex ( plural : simplexes or simplices ) is a generalization of the notion of a triangle or tetrahedron to arbitrary dimensions . 
N-sphere ::   in mathematics , the " n "- sphere is the generalization of the ordinary sphere to spaces of arbitrary dimension . 
Hypercube ::   in geometry , a hypercube is an " n "- dimensional analogue of a square ( ) and a cube ( ) . 
Rotation ::   a rotation is a circular movement of an object around a center ( or point ) of rotation . 
Chevrolet ::   chevrolet ( ) , colloquially referred to as chevy and formally the chevrolet division of general motors company , is an american automobile division of the american manufacturer general motors ( gm ) . 
Biosalinity ::   biosalinity is the study and practice of using saline ( salty ) water for irrigating agricultural crops . 
Horoscope ::   a horoscope is an astrological chart or diagram representing the positions of the sun , moon , planets , astrological aspects and sensitive angles at the time of an event , such as the moment of a person 's birth . 
Scholasticism ::   scholasticism is a method of critical thought which dominated teaching by the academics ( " scholastics , " or " schoolmen " ) of medieval universities in europe from about 1100 to 1700 , and a program of employing that method in articulating and defending dogma in an increasingly pluralistic context . 
Cockney ::   the term cockney has had several distinct geographical , social , and linguistic associations . 
Necrosis ::   necrosis ( from the greek νέκρωσις " death , the stage of dying , the act of killing " from νεκρός " dead " ) is a form of cell injury which results in the premature death of cells in living tissue by autolysis . 
Postmark ::   a postmark is a postal marking made on a letter , package , postcard or the like indicating the date and time that the item was delivered into the care of the postal service . 
Killer ::   a killer is someone or something that kills , such as a murderer . 
Collecting ::   the hobby of collecting includes seeking , locating , acquiring , organizing , cataloging , displaying , storing , and maintaining whatever items are of interest to the individual collector . 
Arthrobacter ::   arthrobacter ( from the greek , " jointed small stick ” ) , such as the arthrobacter pascens , is a genus of bacteria that is commonly found in soil . 
Bdellovibrio ::   bdellovibrio is a genus of gram - negative , obligate aerobic bacteria . 
Botulism ::   botulism is a rare and potentially fatal illness caused by a toxin produced by the bacterium " clostridium botulinum " . 
Witenagemot ::   the witenaġemot ( old english witena ġemōt modern english " meeting of wise men " ) , also known as the witan ( more properly the title of its members ) was a political institution in anglo - saxon england which operated from before the 7th century until the 11th century . 
Divorce ::   divorce , also known as dissolution of marriage , is the termination of a marriage or marital union , the canceling or reorganizing of the legal duties and responsibilities of marriage , thus dissolving the bonds of matrimony between a married couple under the rule of law of the particular country or state . 
Khlysts ::   khlysts or khlysty ( ) was an underground sect from late 17th to early 20th century that split off the russian orthodox church and belonged to the spiritual christians ( духовные христиане ) tendency . ' 
Berchtesgaden ::   berchtesgaden ( ) is a municipality in the german bavarian alps . 
Darmstadtium ::   darmstadtium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol ds and atomic number 110 . 
Photomontage ::   photomontage is the process and the result of making a composite photograph by cutting , gluing , rearranging and overlapping two or more photographs into a new image . 
Halotolerance ::   halotolerance is the adaptation of living organisms to conditions of high salinity . 
Rowrbrazzle ::   rowrbrazzle is an amateur press association magazine devoted to funny animal cartoon illustration . " 
Precognition ::   precognition ( from the latin " præ- " , " before " and " cognitio " , " acquiring knowledge " ) , also called prescience , future vision , future sight is an alleged psychic ability to see events in the future . 
Harmony ::   in music , harmony considers the process by which the composition of individual sounds , or superpositions of sounds , is analysed by hearing . 
Harthacnut ::   harthacnut (; " tough - knot " ; c.1018   – 8 june 1042 ) , sometimes referred to as canute iii , was king of denmark from 1035 to 1042 and king of england from 1040 to 1042 . 
Kayaking ::   kayaking is the use of a kayak for moving across water . 
Cam ::   a cam is a rotating or sliding piece in a mechanical linkage used especially in transforming rotary motion into linear motion or vice versa . 
Magnetohydrodynamics ::   magnetohydrodynamics ( mhd ; also magneto - fluid dynamics or hydro­magnetics ) is the study of the magnetic properties of electrically conducting fluids . 
Munro ::   a munro ( ) is a mountain in scotland with a height over . 
UTF-16 ::   utf-16 ( 16-bit unicode transformation format ) is a character encoding capable of encoding all 1,112,064 valid code points of unicode . 
Soundgarden ::   soundgarden is an american rock band formed in seattle , washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist chris cornell , lead guitarist kim thayil , and bassist hiro yamamoto . 
Magnoliaceae ::   the magnoliaceae are a flowering plant family , the magnolia family , in the order magnoliales . 
Cannoli ::   cannoli (; ) are italian pastries of the sicily region . 
Magnolia ::   magnolia is a large genus of about 210 flowering plant species in the subfamily magnolioideae of the family magnoliaceae . 
Salzburg ::   salzburg (; ; literally : " salt fortress " ) is the fourth - largest city in austria and the capital of the federal state of salzburg . 
Rhododendron ::   rhododendron ( from ancient greek " rhódon " " rose " and " déndron " " tree " ) is a genus of 1,024 species of woody plants in the heath family ( ericaceae ) , either evergreen or deciduous , and found mainly in asia , although it is also widespread throughout the highlands of the appalachian mountains of north america . 
Fetchmail ::   fetchmail is an open source software utility for posix - compliant operating systems which is used to retrieve e - mail from a remote pop3 , imap , etrn or odmr mail server to the user 's local system . 
Prehnite ::   prehnite is an inosilicate of calcium and aluminium with the formula : caal(alsio)(oh ) . 
MOSFET ::   the metal – oxide – semiconductor field - effect transistor ( mosfet , mos - fet , or mos fet ) is a type of field - effect transistor ( fet ) . 
JFET ::   the junction gate field - effect transistor ( jfet or jugfet ) is the simplest type of field - effect transistor . 
Dosimeter ::   a radiation dosimeter is a device that measures exposure to ionizing radiation . 
Electrometer ::   an electrometer is an electrical instrument for measuring electric charge or electrical potential difference . 
Galvanometer ::   a galvanometer is an electromechanical instrument for detecting and indicating electric current . 
Mnemonic ::   a mnemonic ( , the first " m " is silent ) device , or memory device , is any learning technique that aids information retention in the human memory . 
License ::   a license ( american english ) or licence ( british english ) is an official permission or permit to do , use , or own something ( as well as the document of that permission or permit ) . 
Dover ::   dover ( ) is a town and major ferry port in the home county of kent , in south east england . 
Molde ::   molde ( ) is a city and municipality in romsdal in møre og romsdal county , norway . 
Monterrey ::   monterrey ( ) , is the capital and largest city of the northeastern state of nuevo león , in mexico . 
Halophyte ::   a halophyte is a plant that grows in waters of high salinity , coming into contact with saline water through its roots or by salt spray , such as in saline semi - deserts , mangrove swamps , marshes and sloughs and seashores . 
Thessaloniki ::   thessaloniki ( , " thessaloníki " , ) , also familiarly known as thessalonica or salonica , is the second - largest city in greece and the capital of macedonia , the administrative region of central macedonia and the decentralized administration of macedonia and thrace . 
Minardi ::   minardi was an italian automobile racing team and constructor founded in faenza in 1979 by giancarlo minardi . 
Bullshit ::   bullshit ( also bullcrap ) is a common english expletive which may be shortened to the euphemism bull or the initialism bs . 
Lac ::   lac is the scarlet resinous secretion of a number of species of lac insects , of which the most commonly cultivated species is " kerria lacca " . 
Banglades ::   banglades can refer to : 
Gill ::   a gill ( ) is a respiratory organ found in many aquatic organisms that extracts dissolved oxygen from water and excretes carbon dioxide . 
Peritoneum ::   the peritoneum is the serous membrane that forms the lining of the abdominal cavity or coelom in amniotes and some invertebrates , such as annelids . 
Pistachio ::   the pistachio ( , " pistacia vera " ) , a member of the cashew family , is a small tree originating from central asia and the middle east . 
Dorididae ::   sea lemon is a loosely applied common name for a group of medium - sized to large shell - less colorful sea slugs or nudibranchs , specifically dorid nudibranchs in the taxonomic family dorididae and other closely related families . 
Pseudonym ::   a pseudonym ( ) or alias is a name that a person or group assumes for a particular purpose , which can differ from their original or true name ( orthonym ) . 
Caprera ::   caprera is an island in the maddalena archipelago off the coast of sardinia , italy . 
Ohmmeter ::   an ohmmeter is an electrical instrument that measures electrical resistance , the opposition to an electric current . 
Multimeter ::   a multimeter or a multitester , also known as a vom ( volt - ohm - milliammeter ) , is an electronic measuring instrument that combines several measurement functions in one unit . 
Beach ::   a beach is a landform alongside a body of water which consists of loose particles . 
NeXTSTEP ::   nextstep is a discontinued object - oriented , multitasking operating system based on unix . 
Meissen ::   meissen ( in german orthography : " meißen " , ) is a town of approximately 30,000 about northwest of dresden on both banks of the elbe river in the free state of saxony , in eastern germany . 
Cornish ::   cornish is the adjective and demonym associated with cornwall , the most southwesterly part of the united kingdom . 
Abort ::   abort can mean : 
Baud ::   in telecommunication and electronics , baudet (; symbol : bd ) is the unit for symbol rate or modulation rate in " symbols per second " or " pulses per second " . 
Adder–subtractor ::   in digital circuits , an adder – subtractor is a circuit that is capable of adding or subtracting numbers ( in particular , binary ) . 
ARJ ::   arj ( archived by robert jung ) is a software tool designed by robert k. jung for creating high - efficiency compressed file archives . 
Attenuation ::   in physics , attenuation or , in some contexts , extinction is the gradual loss of flux intensity through a medium . 
Attenuator ::   an attenuator could mean : 
Authenticator ::   an authenticator is a way to prove to a computer system that you really are who you are ( called authentication ) . 
Availability ::   in reliability theory and reliability engineering , the term availability has the following meanings : 
Backbone ::   backbone is the vertebral column of a vertebrate organism . 
Baseband ::   baseband is a signal that has a very narrow and near - zero frequency range , i.e. a spectral magnitude that is nonzero only for frequencies in the vicinity of the origin ( termed " f " = 0 ) and negligible elsewhere . 
Beamwidth ::   in telecommunication , the term beamwidth has the following meanings : 1 . 
Bel ::   bel can mean : 
Bias ::   bias is to have an opinion , or view , that is often without considering evidence and information . 
Branch ::   a branch ( or , ) or tree branch ( sometimes referred to in botany as a ramus ) is a woody structural member connected to but not part of the central trunk of a tree ( or sometimes a shrub ) . 
Brightness ::   brightness is an attribute of visual perception in which a source appears to be radiating or reflecting light . 
Call-second ::   in telecommunication , a call - second is a unit used to measure communications traffic density . " 
Circulator ::   a circulator is a passive non - reciprocal three- or four - port device , in which a microwave or radio frequency signal entering any port is transmitted to the next port in rotation ( only ) . 
Cladding ::   cladding is an outer layer of material covering another . 
Collision ::   a collision is an event in which two or more bodies exert forces on each other for a relatively short time . 
Booting ::   in computing , booting ( or booting up ) is the initialization of a computerized system . 
Communications-electronics ::   in telecommunication , communications - electronics ( c - e ) is the specialized field concerned with the use of electronic devices and systems for the acquisition or acceptance , processing , storage , display , analysis , protection , disposition , and transfer of information . 
Companding ::   in telecommunication and signal processing companding ( occasionally called compansion ) is a method of mitigating the detrimental effects of a channel with limited dynamic range . 
Comparator ::   in electronics , a comparator is a device that compares two voltages or currents and outputs a digital signal indicating which is larger . 
Compromise ::   to compromise is to make a deal between different parties where each party gives up part of their demand . 
Concentrator ::   in the evolution of modern telecommunications systems there was a requirement to connect large numbers of low - speed access devices with large telephone company ' central office ' switches over common paths . 
Coupling ::   a coupling is a device used to connect two shafts together at their ends for the purpose of transmitting power . 
Cryptochannel ::   in telecommunication , a cryptochannel is a complete system of crypto - communications between two or more holders . 
Datagram ::   a datagram is a basic transfer unit associated with a packet - switched network . 
DBm ::   dbm ( sometimes db or decibel - milliwatts ) is an abbreviation for the power ratio in decibels ( db ) of the measured power referenced to one milliwatt ( mw ) . 
DBrn ::   the symbol dbrn or db(rn ) is an abbreviation for decibels above reference noise . 
Desensitation ::   in telecommunication , desensitation is the reduction of desired signal gain as a result of receiver reaction to an undesired signal . 
Dielectric ::   a dielectric ( or dielectric material ) is an electrical insulator that can be polarized by an applied electric field . 
Digroup ::   digroup is an abbreviation for digital group . 
Distortion ::   distortion is the alteration of the original shape ( or other characteristic ) of something . 
Duplexer ::   a duplexer is an electronic device that allows bi - directional ( duplex ) communication over a single path . 
Electro-optics ::   electro - optics is a branch of electrical engineering and material physics involving components , devices ( e.g. lasers , leds , waveguides etc . ) and systems which operate by the propagation and interaction of light with various tailored materials . 
Endurability ::   in telecommunication , endurability is the property of a system , subsystem , equipment , or process that enables it to continue to function within specified performance limits for an extended period of time , usually months , despite a severe natural or man - made disturbance , such as a nuclear attack , or a loss of external logistic or utility support . 
Error ::   an error ( from the latin " error " , meaning " wandering " ; sometimes mistake ) is an action which is inaccurate or incorrect . 
Fail-safe ::   a fail - safe in engineering is a design feature or practice that in the event of a specific type of failure , inherently responds in a way that will cause no or minimal harm to other equipment , the environment or to people . 
Firmware ::   in electronic systems and computing , firmware is a type of computer program that provides the low - level control for the device 's specific hardware . 
FTS2000 ::   federal telecommunications system 2000 ( fts2000 ) is a long distance telecommunications service for the united states federal government , including services such as switched voice service for voice or data up to 4.8 kbit / s , switched data at 56 kbit / s and 64 kbit / s , switched digital integrated service for voice , data , image , and video up to 1.544 mbit / s , packet switched service for data in packet form , video transmission for both compressed and wideband video , and dedicated point - to - point private line for voice and data . " 
Gateway ::   gateway often refers to : gateway or the gateway may also refer to : 
Gel ::   a gel is a solid jelly - like material that can have properties ranging from soft and weak to hard and tough . 
Handshaking ::   in information technology , telecommunications , and related fields , handshaking is an automated process of negotiation that dynamically sets parameters of a communications channel established between two entities before normal communication over the channel begins . 
Harmonic ::   a harmonic is any member of the harmonic series , a divergent infinite series . 
Heterodyne ::   heterodyning is a signal processing technique invented in 1901 by canadian inventor - engineer reginald fessenden that creates new frequencies by combining or mixing two frequencies . 
Hop ::   a hop is a type of jump . 
Hotline ::   a hotline is a point - to - point communications link in which a call is automatically directed to the preselected destination without any additional action by the user when the end instrument goes off - hook . 
Identifier ::   an identifier is a name that identifies ( that is , labels the identity of ) either a unique object or a unique " class " of objects , where the " object " or class may be an idea , physical [ countable ] object ( or class thereof ) , or physical [ noncountable ] substance ( or class thereof ) . 
Interchangeability ::   interchangeability can refer to : 
Interoperability ::   interoperability is a characteristic of a product or system , whose interfaces are completely understood , to work with other products or systems , at present or future , in either implementation or access , without any restrictions . 
Jerkiness ::   jerkiness , sometimes called strobing or choppy , describes the perception of individual still images in a motion picture . 
Journal ::   a journal ( through french from latin " diurnalis " , daily ) has several related meanings : the word " journalist " , for one whose business is writing for the public press and nowadays also other media , has been in use since the end of the 17th century . 
Layer ::   layer often refers to : layer may also refer to : in sanskrit " ' कला " ' 
LPD433 ::   lpd433 ( low power device 433   mhz ) is a uhf band in which licence free communication devices are allowed to operate . 
Maintainability ::   in engineering , maintainability is the ease with which a product can be maintained in order to : 
Message ::   a message is a discrete unit of communication intended by the source for consumption by some recipient or group of recipients . 
Multiplexing ::   in telecommunications and computer networks , multiplexing ( sometimes contracted to muxing ) is a method by which multiple analog or digital signals are combined into one signal over a shared medium . 
Neper ::   the neper ( symbol : np ) is a logarithmic unit for ratios of measurements of physical field and power quantities , such as gain and loss of electronic signals . 
Noise ::   noise is unwanted sound judged to be unpleasant , loud or disruptive to hearing . 
Non-return-to-zero ::   in telecommunication , a non - return - to - zero ( nrz ) line code is a binary code in which ones are represented by one significant condition , usually a positive voltage , while zeros are represented by some other significant condition , usually a negative voltage , with no other neutral or rest condition . 
N-entity ::   in telecommunication , a " n "- entity is an active element in the " n "- th layer of the open systems interconnection -- reference model ( osi - rm ) that ( a ) interacts directly with elements , " i.e. " , entities , of the layer immediately above or below the " n "- th layer , ( b ) is defined by a unique set of rules , " i.e. " , syntax , and information formats , including data and control formats , and ( c ) performs a defined set of functions . 
Off-hook ::   in telephony , the term off - hook has the following meanings : on an ordinary two - wire telephone line , off - hook status is communicated to the telephone exchange by a resistance short across the pair . 
Off-the-air ::   in telecommunication , the term off - air or off - the - air has the following meanings : " note " : the carrier wave may continue unmodulated or it may be modulated by another signal source , such as a subcarrier . also , off - the - air may be synonymous with over - the - air or from - the - air , as in picking up a terrestrial broadcast tv station off - the - air instead of from cable tv . 
On-hook ::   in telephony , the term on - hook has the following meanings : the act of " going on - hook " is also referred to as " releasing the line " or " channel " , and may initiate the process of clearing . 
Normandie-Niemen ::   the normandie - niemen regiment ( ) is a fighter squadron , later regiment ( of three squadrons ) of the french air force . 
Ovality ::   in telecommunications and fiber optics , ovality or noncircularity is the degree of deviation from perfect circularity of the cross section of the core or cladding of the fiber . 
Overfill ::   in telecommunications , overfill is the condition that prevails when the numerical aperture or the beam diameter of an optical source , such as a laser , light - emitting diode , or optical fiber , exceeds that of the driven element , e.g. an optical fiber core . 
Overmodulation ::   overmodulation is the condition that prevails in telecommunication when the instantaneous level of the modulating signal exceeds the value necessary to produce 100% modulation of the carrier . 
Overtone ::   an overtone is any frequency greater than the fundamental frequency of a sound . 
Passband ::   a passband is the range of frequencies or wavelengths that can pass through a filter . 
Payload ::   payload is the carrying capacity of an aircraft or launch vehicle , usually measured in terms of weight . 
Cod ::   cod is the common name for the genus " gadus " of demersal fishes , belonging to the family gadidae . 
Amadeus ::   amadeus is a play by peter shaffer , which gives a highly fictionalized account of the lives of the composers wolfgang amadeus mozart and antonio salieri . 
Contrapposto ::   contrapposto ( ) is an italian term that means counterpose . 
Photocurrent ::   photocurrent is the electric current through a photosensitive device , such as a photodiode , as the result of exposure to radiant power . 
Pilot ::   pilot most commonly refers to : pilot or the pilot may also refer to : 
Proceed-to-select ::   in telecommunications , proceed - to - select is a signal or event in the call - access phase of a data call , which signal or event confirms the reception of a call - request signal and advises the calling data terminal equipment to proceed with the transmission of the selection signals . 
Provisioning ::   in telecommunication , provisioning involves the process of preparing and equipping a network to allow it to provide ( new ) services to its users . 
Psophometer ::   in telecommunications , a psophometer is an instrument that provides a visual indication of the audible effects of disturbing voltages of various frequencies . 
Pulse ::   in medicine , a pulse represents the tactile arterial palpation of the heartbeat by trained fingertips . 
Pumping ::   pumping can refer to : 
Radiometry ::   radiometry is a set of techniques for measuring electromagnetic radiation , including visible light . 
Cycloid ::   a cycloid is the curve traced by a point on the rim of a circular wheel as the wheel rolls along a straight line without slipping . 
Reflectance ::   reflectance of the surface of a material is its effectiveness in reflecting radiant energy . 
Regeneration ::   regeneration is renewal through the internal processes of a body or system . 
Repeater ::   in telecommunications , a repeater is an electronic device that receives a signal and retransmits it . 
Reradiation ::   in telecommunication , the term reradiation has the following meanings : near - field effects of an am antenna may extend out two miles ( 3   km ) or more . 
Responsivity ::   responsivity measures the input – output gain of a detector system . 
Ringdown ::   in telephony , ringdown is a method of signaling an operator in which telephone ringing current is sent over the line to operate a lamp or cause the operation of a self - locking relay known as a " drop " . 
Schematic ::   a schematic , or schematic diagram , is a representation of the elements of a system using abstract , graphic symbols rather than realistic pictures . 
Scrambler ::   in telecommunications , a scrambler is a device that transposes or inverts signals or otherwise encodes a message at the sender 's side to make the message unintelligible at a receiver not equipped with an appropriately set descrambling device . 
Security ::   security is the degree of resistance to , or protection from , harm . 
Shield ::   a shield is a piece of personal armour held in the hand or mounted on the wrist or forearm . 
Sideband ::   in radio communications , a sideband is a band of frequencies higher than or lower than the carrier frequency , containing power as a result of the modulation process . 
SINAD ::   signal - to - noise and distortion ratio ( sinad ) is a measure of the quality of a signal from a communications device , often defined as where formula_2 is the average power of the signal , noise and distortion components . 
Squelch ::   in telecommunications , squelch is a circuit function that acts to suppress the audio ( or video ) output of a receiver in the absence of a sufficiently strong desired input signal . 
Stopband ::   a stopband is a band of frequencies , between specified limits , through which a circuit , such as a filter or telephone circuit , does not allow signals to pass , or the attenuation is above the required stopband attenuation level . 
Survivability ::   survivability is the ability to remain alive or continue to exist . 
Synchronism ::   synchronism is deliberately achieved coincidence at a specified point of time . 
Synchronizing ::   in telecommunication , the term synchronizing has the following meanings : in the civilian community , the noun " " synchronization " " is preferred to " " synchronizing " . " 
T-carrier ::   the t - carrier is a member of the series of carrier systems developed by at&t bell laboratories for digital transmission of multiplexed telephone calls . 
Teleconference ::   a teleconference or teleseminar is the live exchange and mass articulation of information among several persons and machines remote from one another but linked by a telecommunications system . 
Teletraining ::   teletraining is training that " synonyms " 
Transceiver ::   a transceiver is a device comprising both a transmitter and a receiver that are combined and share common circuitry or a single housing . 
Troposphere ::   the troposphere is the lowest portion of earth 's atmosphere , and is also where nearly all weather conditions take place . 
Turnkey ::   a turnkey or a turnkey project ( also spelled turn - key ) is a type of project that is constructed so that it can be sold to any buyer as a completed product . 
Telephony ::   telephony ( ) is the field of technology involving the development , application , and deployment of telecommunication services for the purpose of electronic transmission of voice , fax , or data , between distant parties . 
Unavailability ::   unavailability is the probability that an item will not operate correctly at a given time and under specified conditions . 
Viewdata ::   viewdata is a videotex implementation . 
Waveguide ::   a waveguide is a structure that guides waves , such as electromagnetic waves or sound , with minimal loss of energy by restricting expansion to one dimension or two . 
Zip-cord ::   zip - cord is a type of electrical cable with two or more conductors held together by an insulating jacket that can be easily separated simply by pulling apart . 
MIL-STD-188 ::   mil - std-188 is a series of u.s. military standards relating to telecommunications . 
Weser ::   the weser ( ) is a river in northwestern germany . 
Bonds ::   bonds can refer to any of several things : 
Dividend ::   a dividend is a payment made by a corporation to its shareholders , usually as a distribution of profits . 
Cold-blooded ::   cold - blooded is an informal term for one or more of a group of characteristics that determine an animal 's thermophysiology . 
Oldenburg ::   oldenburg ( ) is an independent city in the district of oldenburg in the state of lower saxony , germany . 
Gentrification ::   gentrification is a process of renovation of deteriorated urban neighborhoods by means of the influx of more affluent residents . 
Lidar ::   lidar ( also called lidar , lidar , and ladar ) is a surveying method that measures distance to a target by illuminating that target with a pulsed laser light , and measuring the reflected pulses with a sensor . 
Werra ::   the werra ( ) , a river in central germany , forms the right - source of the weser . 
Laudanum ::   laudanum is a tincture of opium containing approximately 10% powdered opium by weight ( the equivalent of 1% morphine ) . 
Mastectomy ::   mastectomy ( from greek " breast " and " ektomia " " cutting out " ) is the medical term for the surgical removal of one or both breasts , partially or completely . 
Mescaline ::   mescaline ( 3,4,5-trimethoxyphenethylamine ) is a naturally occurring psychedelic alkaloid of the phenethylamine class , known for its hallucinogenic effects comparable to those of lsd and psilocybin . 
Greeks ::   the greeks or hellenes ( , " éllines " , ) are an ethnic group native to greece , cyprus , southern albania , italy , turkey , egypt and , to a lesser extent , other countries surrounding the mediterranean sea . 
Vardar ::   the vardar or axios (; ) is the longest and major river in the republic of macedonia and also a major river of greece . 
Reification ::   reification is making something real , bringing something into being , or making something concrete . 
Ayodhya ::   ayodhya (; iast " ayodhyā " ) , also known as saketa , is an ancient city of india , believed to be the birthplace of rama and setting of the epic " ramayana " . 
Kassel ::   kassel (; spelled cassel until 1928 ) is a city located on the fulda river in northern hesse , germany . 
Yersinia ::   yersinia is a genus of bacteria in the family yersiniaceae . 
Salmonella ::   salmonella is a genus of rod - shaped ( bacillus ) gram - negative bacteria of the enterobacteriaceae family . 
CATIA ::   catia ( an acronym of computer aided three - dimensional interactive application , pronounced ) is a multi - platform software suite for computer - aided design ( cad ) , computer - aided manufacturing ( cam ) , computer - aided engineering ( cae ) , plm and 3d , developed by the french company dassault systèmes . 
Regierungsbezirk ::   regierungsbezirk ( , often abbreviated to reg .- bez . ; ) is a federal states administrative district in germany . 
Rastafari ::   rastafari , sometimes termed rastafarianism , is an abrahamic religion . 
Garden ::   a garden is a planned space , usually outdoors , set aside for the display , cultivation and enjoyment of plants and other forms of nature . 
Parashurama ::   parashurama ( sanskrit : परशुराम , iast : " paraśurāma " , lit . " 
Krishna ::   krishna (; ; sanskrit : कृष्ण , iast : kṛṣṇa ) is a major deity in hinduism . 
Entity ::   an entity is something that exists as itself , as a subject or as an object , actually or potentially , concretely or abstractly , physically or not . 
Chiron ::   in greek mythology , chiron ( pronounced ; also cheiron or kheiron ; " hand " ) was held to be the superlative centaur amongst his brethren , as he was called as the " wisest and justest of all the centaurs " . 
Katowice ::   katowice (; , , officially miasto katowice ) is a city in southwestern poland , with a population of 299,910 and the center of the silesian metropolis , with a population of 2.2 million . 
Vantaa ::   vantaa (; ) is a city and municipality in finland . 
Peanuts ::   peanuts is a syndicated daily and sunday american comic strip written and illustrated by charles m. schulz , which ran from october 2 , 1950 , to february 13 , 2000 , continuing in reruns afterward . 
Estrid ::   estrid ( old norse : " æstriðr " , " ástríðr " ) was a rich and powerful 11th - century swedish woman whose long family saga has been recorded on five or six runestones in uppland , sweden . 
Obotrites ::   the obotrites ( ) or obodrites ( meaning : at the waters ) , also spelled abodrites ( ) , were a confederation of medieval west slavic tribes within the territory of modern mecklenburg and holstein in northern germany ( see polabian slavs ) . 
Buick ::   buick ( ) , formally the buick motor division , is an upscale automobile brand of the american manufacturer general motors ( gm ) . 
Irrigation ::   irrigation is the application of controlled amounts of water to plants at needed intervals . 
Fence ::   a fence is a structure that encloses an area , typically outdoors , and is usually constructed from posts that are connected by boards , wire , rails or netting . 
Tbilisi ::   tbilisi ( ; ) , in some countries also still named by its pre-1936 international designation tiflis ( or ) , is the capital and the largest city of georgia , lying on the banks of the kura river with a population of approximately 1.5 million people . 
Arity ::   in logic , mathematics , and computer science , the arity of a function or operation is the number of arguments or operands that the function takes . 
Naturalization ::   naturalization ( or naturalisation ) is the legal act or process by which a non - citizen in a country may acquire citizenship or nationality of that country . 
Phonics ::   phonics is a method for teaching reading and writing of the english language by developing learners ' phonemic awareness — the ability to hear , identify , and manipulate phonemes — in order to teach the correspondence between these sounds and the spelling patterns ( graphemes ) that represent them . 
Acupressure ::   acupressure [ from latin acus " needle " ( see acuity ) + pressure ( n. ) ] is an alternative medicine technique similar in principle to acupuncture . 
Ljubljana ::   ljubljana ( , ; also known by other , historical names ) is the capital and largest city of slovenia . 
Whistle ::   a whistle is an instrument which produces sound from a stream of gas , most commonly air . 
Socialization ::   in sociology , socialization is the process of internalizing the norms and ideologies of society . 
Kibology ::   kibology is a parody religion , named after kibo , the central figure . 
Ichthyology ::   ichthyology ( from greek : ἰχθύς , " ikhthus " , " fish " ; and λόγος , " logos " , " study " ) , also known as fish science , is the branch of zoology devoted to the study of fish . 
Monetarism ::   monetarism is a school of thought in monetary economics that emphasizes the role of governments in controlling the amount of money in circulation . 
Reason ::   reason is the capacity for consciously making sense of things , establishing and verifying facts , applying logic , and changing or justifying practices , institutions , and beliefs based on new or existing information . 
Rollo ::   rollo or gaange rolf ; ( norman : " rou " ; old norse : " hrólfr " ; ; 846   – 930 ad ) was a viking who became the first ruler of normandy , a region of france . 
Etching ::   etching is traditionally the process of using strong acid or mordant to cut into the unprotected parts of a metal surface to create a design in intaglio ( incised ) in the metal . 
Printmaking ::   printmaking is the process of making artworks by printing , normally on paper . 
DATR ::   datr is a language for lexical knowledge representation . 
Jig ::   the jig ( ) is a form of lively folk dance in compound metre , as well as the accompanying dance tune . 
Polyp ::   a polyp in zoology is one of two forms found in the phylum cnidaria , the other being the medusa . 
Ovipositor ::   the ovipositor is an organ used by some animals for the laying of eggs . 
Spleen ::   the spleen ( from greek —"splḗn " ) is an organ found in virtually all vertebrates . 
TAT-2 ::   tat-2 was at&t corporation 's second transatlantic telephone cable . 
TAT-3 ::   tat-3 was at&t corporation 's third transatlantic telephone cable . 
TAT-4 ::   tat-4 was at&t corporation 's fourth transatlantic telephone cable . 
TAT-5 ::   tat-5 was at&t corporation 's 5th transatlantic telephone cable , in operation from 1970 to 1993 , initially carrying 845 telephone circuits ( simultaneous calls ) , between rhode island and conil de la frontera , ( cádiz ) , spain . 
TAT-6 ::   tat-6 was the sixth transatlantic telephone cable . 
TAT-7 ::   tat-7 was at&t corporation 's seventh transatlantic telephone cable , in operation from 1978 to 1994 , initially carrying 4,000 telephone circuits ( simultaneous calls ) between new jersey and porthcurno in southwest england . 
TAT-8 ::   tat-8 was the 8th transatlantic communications cable and first transatlantic fiber - optic cable , initially carrying 40,000 telephone circuits ( simultaneous calls ) between the united states , great britain and france . 
AT ::   the word at is an english word , which may act as a preposition . 
TAT-9 ::   tat-9 was the 9th transatlantic telephone cable system , in operation from 1992 to 2004 , initially carrying 80,000 telephone circuits between europe ( goonhilly , united kingdom ; saint - hilaire - de - riez , france ; conil de la frontera , spain ) and north america ( manahawkin , united states ; pennant point , canada ) . 
TAT-10 ::   tat-10 was at&t corporation 's 10th transatlantic telephone cable , in operation from 1992 to 2003 , initially carrying 2 x 565 mbit / s between united states and norden in germany . 
TAT-11 ::   tat-11 was at&t corporation 's 11th transatlantic telephone cable , in operation from 1993 , initially carrying 2 x 565 mbit / s between the united states and france . 
TAT-12/13 ::   tat-12/13 is a ring cable system consisting of the 12th and 13th consortia transatlantic telephone cables , in operation from 1996 , initially carrying 2 × 5 gbit / s . 
TAT-14 ::   tat-14 is the 14th consortium transatlantic telecommunications cable system . 
CANTAT-1 ::   cantat-1 was the first canadian transatlantic telephone cable , which followed on from the success of tat-1 . 
CANTAT-2 ::   cantat-2 was the second canadian transatlantic telephone cable , in operation from 1974 to 1992 . 
CANTAT-3 ::   cantat-3 was the third canadian transatlantic telecommunications cable , in operation from 1994 to 2010 , initially carrying 3 x 2.5 gbit / s between canada and europe . 
Wiesbaden ::   wiesbaden ( ) is a city in central western germany and the capital of the federal state of hesse . 
Eridu ::   eridu ( cuneiform : nun.ki ; sumerian : eridu ; akkadian : " irîtu " modern arabic : tell abu shahrain ) is an archaeological site in southern mesopotamia ( modern dhi qar governorate , iraq ) . 
Roxette ::   roxette are a swedish pop rock duo , consisting of marie fredriksson ( vocals ) and per gessle ( vocals and guitar ) . 
Pendulum ::   a pendulum is a weight suspended from a pivot so that it can swing freely . 
Guar ::   the guar or cluster bean , with the botanical name cyamopsis tetragonoloba , is an annual legume and the source of guar gum . 
Cephalopod ::   a cephalopod ( pronounced or ~ ) is any member of the molluscan class cephalopoda ( greek plural , " kephalópoda " ; " head - feet " ) such as a squid , octopus or nautilus . 
Dodoni ::   dodoni ( ) is a village and a municipality in the ioannina regional unit , epirus , greece . 
Sonoluminescence ::   sonoluminescence is the emission of short bursts of light from imploding bubbles in a liquid when excited by sound . 
Nutella ::   nutella (; ) is a brand of sweetened hazelnut cocoa spread manufactured by the italian company ferrero that was first introduced in 1965 , although its first iteration dates to 1963 . 
Cyclone ::   in meteorology , a cyclone is a large scale air mass that rotates around a strong center of low atmospheric pressure . 
Lignite ::   lignite , often referred to as brown coal , is a soft brown combustible sedimentary rock formed from naturally compressed peat . 
Sudetenland ::   the sudetenland (; ; czech and ; ) is the name for the northern , southern , and western areas of former czechoslovakia which were inhabited primarily by sudeten germans . 
Cosmogony ::   cosmogony ( or cosmogeny ) is any model concerning the origin of either the cosmos or universe . 
Gattaca ::   gattaca is a 1997 american science fiction film written and directed by andrew niccol . 
Fusor ::   a fusor is a device that uses an electric field to heat ions to conditions suitable for nuclear fusion . 
Viscometer ::   a viscometer ( also called viscosimeter ) is an instrument used to measure the viscosity of a fluid . 
Anthrax ::   anthrax is an infection caused by the bacterium " bacillus anthracis " . 
Suva ::   suva ( ) is the capital , second largest municipality and largest municipality with city status in fiji . 
Detection ::   in general , detection is the extraction of particular information from a larger stream of information without specific cooperation from or synchronization with the sender . 
Photodiode ::   a photodiode is a semiconductor device that converts light into an electrical current . 
Autolysin ::   an autolysin is an enzyme ( , " gametolysin , chlamydomonas cell wall degrading protease " , " lysin " , " chlamydomonas reinhardtii metalloproteinase " , " gamete lytic enzyme " , " gamete autolysin " ) that hydrolyzes ( and breaks down ) the components of a biological cell or a tissue in which it is produced . 
Biostasis ::   biostasis is the ability of an organism to tolerate environmental changes without having to actively adapt to them . 
Chitinase ::   chitinases ( , " chitodextrinase " , " 1,4-beta - poly - n - acetylglucosaminidase " , " poly - beta - glucosaminidase " , " beta-1,4-poly - n - acetyl glucosamidinase " , " poly[1,4-(n - acetyl - beta - d - glucosaminide ) ] glycanohydrolase " , " ( 1->4)-2-acetamido-2-deoxy - beta - d - glucan glycanohydrolase " ) are hydrolytic enzymes that break down glycosidic bonds in chitin . 
Endospore ::   an endospore is a dormant , tough , and non - reproductive structure produced by certain bacteria from the firmicute phylum . 
Éire ::   the modern irish " éire " evolved from the old irish word " ériu " , which was the name of a gaelic goddess . 
Ornithology ::   ornithology is a branch of zoology that concerns the study of birds . 
Dodge ::   dodge is an american brand of cars , minivans , sport cars , sedans , super cars , muscle cars , and sport utility vehicles manufactured by fca us llc ( formerly known as chrysler group llc ) , based in auburn hills , michigan . 
Convoy ::   a convoy is a group of vehicles , typically motor vehicles or ships , traveling together for mutual support and protection . 
Flevoland ::   flevoland ( ) is the twelfth province of the netherlands . 
Sucre ::   sucre ( ) is the constitutional capital of bolivia , the capital of the chuquisaca department , and the 6th most populated city in bolivia . 
Britpop ::   britpop is a uk based music and culture movement in the mid 1990s which emphasised " britishness " , and produced bright , catchy pop music , partly in reaction to the popularity of the darker lyrical themes of the us - led grunge music , an alternative rock genre , and to the uk 's own shoegazing music scene . 
Supergrass ::   supergrass were an english rock band , formed in 1993 in oxford . 
Levee ::   a levee ( ) , dike , dyke , embankment , floodbank or stopbank is an elongated naturally occurring ridge or artificially constructed fill or wall , which regulates water levels . 
Endianness ::   endianness refers to the sequential order in which bytes are arranged into larger numerical values , when stored in computer memory or secondary storage , or when transmitted over digital links . 
Propitiation ::   propitiation , also called expiation , is the act of appeasing or making well - disposed a deity , thus incurring divine favor or avoiding divine retribution . 
Omphalos ::   an omphalos is a religious stone artifact , or baetylus . 
Gigi ::   gigi ( ) is a 1944 novella by french writer colette . 
Neo-Darwinism ::   neo - darwinism is the interpretation of darwinian evolution through natural selection as it has variously been modified since it was first proposed . 
Firestar ::   firestar ( angelica " angel " jones ) is a fictional mutant superheroine appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . debuting in 1981 on the nbc animated television series , " spider - man and his amazing friends " , she has the ability to generate and manipulate microwave radiation , allowing her to fly and create intense heat and flames . 
Superhero ::   a superhero ( sometimes rendered super - hero or super hero ) is a type of heroic stock character who possesses supernatural or superhuman powers and who is dedicated to fighting crime , protecting the public , and usually battling supervillains . 
Propagation ::   propagation can refer to : 
Interleaf ::   founded in 1981 , interleaf was a company that created computer software products for the technical publishing creation and distribution process . 
Traffic ::   traffic on roads consists of " road users " including pedestrians , ridden or herded animals , vehicles , streetcars , buses and other conveyances , either singly or together , while using the public way for purposes of travel . 
Rutile ::   rutile is a mineral composed primarily of titanium dioxide , tio. rutile is the most common natural form of tio. three rarer polymorphs of tio are known : rutile has one of the highest refractive indices at visible wavelengths of any known crystal and also exhibits a particularly large birefringence and high dispersion . 
Flagellum ::   a flagellum (; plural : flagella ) is a lash - like appendage that protrudes from the cell body of certain prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells . 
Cilium ::   a cilium ( latin for eyelash ; the plural is cilia ) is an organelle found in eukaryotic cells . 
Sipuncula ::   the sipuncula or sipunculida ( common names sipunculid worms or peanut worms ) is a group containing 144–320 species ( estimates vary ) of bilaterally symmetrical , unsegmented marine worms . 
Siboglinidae ::   siboglinidae , also known as the beard worms , is a family of polychaete annelid worms whose members made up the former phyla pogonophora ( the giant tube worms ) and vestimentifera . 
Placozoa ::   the placozoa are a basal form of free - living ( non - parasitic ) multicellular organism . 
Symbion ::   symbion is the name of a genus of aquatic animals , less than ½   mm wide , found living attached to the bodies of cold - water lobsters . 
Echinoderm ::   echinoderm is the common name given to any member of the phylum echinodermata ( from ancient greek , ἐχῖνος , " echinos " – " hedgehog " and δέρμα , " derma " – " skin " ) of marine animals . 
Echiura ::   the echiura , or spoon worms , are a small group of marine animals . 
Gastrotrich ::   the gastrotrichs ( phylum gastrotricha ) , commonly referred to as hairybacks , are a group of microscopic ( 0.06 - 3.0   mm ) , worm - like , pseudocoelomate animals , and are widely distributed and abundant in freshwater and marine environments . 
Hemichordate ::   hemichordata is a phylum of marine deuterostome animals , generally considered the sister group of the echinoderms . 
Acanthocephala ::   acanthocephala ( greek , ' , thorn + , ' , head ) is a phylum of parasitic worms known as acanthocephalans , thorny - headed worms , or spiny - headed worms , characterized by the presence of an eversible proboscis , armed with spines , which it uses to pierce and hold the gut wall of its host . 
Loricifera ::   loricifera ( from latin , " lorica " , corselet ( armour ) + " ferre " , to bear ) is a phylum of very small to microscopic marine cycloneuralian sediment - dwelling animals with 37 described species , in nine genera . 
Chaetognatha ::   chaetognatha , meaning " bristle - jaws " , and commonly known as arrow worms , is a phylum of predatory marine worms which are a major component of plankton worldwide . 
Cloudinidae ::   the cloudinids , an early metazoan family containing the genus cloudina , lived in the late ediacaran period and became extinct at the base of the cambrian . 
Conodont ::   conodonts ( greek " kōnos " , " cone " , + " odont " , " tooth " ) are extinct agnathan chordates resembling eels , classified in the class conodonta . 
Gnathostomulid ::   gnathostomulids , or jaw worms , are a small phylum of nearly microscopic marine animals . 
Hyolitha ::   hyoliths are animals with small conical shells , known as fossils from the palaeozoic era . 
Lobopodia ::   the lobopodians , members of the informal group lobopodia snodgrass 1938 ( from the greek , meaning " blunt feet " ) are worm - like taxa with stubby legs . 
Archaeocyatha ::   archaeocyatha ( or archaeocyathids ancient cups " ) is a taxon of extinct , sessile , reef - building marine organisms of warm tropical and subtropical waters that lived during the early ( lower ) cambrian period . 
Mesozoa ::   the mesozoa ( singular : mesozoon ) are enigmatic , minuscule , worm - like parasites of marine invertebrates . 
Nematomorpha ::   nematomorpha ( sometimes called gordiacea , and commonly known as horsehair worms or gordian worms ) are a phylum of parasitoid animals superficially similar to nematode worms in morphology , hence the name . 
Onychophora ::   onychophora ( from ancient greek , " onyches " , " claws " ; and " pherein " , " to carry " ) , commonly known as velvet worms ( due to their velvety texture and somewhat wormlike appearance ) or more ambiguously as peripatus ( after the first described genus , " peripatus " ) , is a phylum of elongate , soft - bodied , many - legged panarthropods . 
Nemertea ::   nemertea is a phylum of invertebrate animals also known as " ribbon worms " or " proboscis worms " . 
Polychaete ::   the polychaeta , also known as the bristle worms or polychaetes , are a paraphyletic class of annelid worms , generally marine . 
Priapulida ::   priapulida ( priapulid worms , from gr . 
Vetulicolia ::   vetulicolia is the name of a taxon ( either phylum or subphylum in rank ) , encompassing several extinct cambrian organisms . 
Solent ::   the solent ( ) is the strait that separates the isle of wight from the mainland of england . 
Unicorn ::   the unicorn is a legendary creature that has been described since antiquity as a beast with a single large , pointed , spiraling horn projecting from its forehead . 
Morality ::   morality ( from the latin " " " manner , character , proper behavior " ) is the differentiation of intentions , decisions and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper . 
X.25 ::   x.25 is an itu - t standard protocol suite for packet switched wide area network ( wan ) communication . 
IPsec ::   in computing , internet protocol security ( ipsec ) is a network protocol suite that authenticates and encrypts the packets of data sent over a network . 
Ukiyo-e ::   ukiyo - e is a genre of japanese art which flourished from the 17th through 19th centuries . 
Hokusai ::   hokusai created the " thirty - six views " both as a response to a domestic travel boom and as part of a personal obsession with mount fuji . 
Irene ::   irene is a name derived from εἰρήνη—the greek for " peace " . 
Nicephorus ::   nicephorus , nikephoros , or nikiforos is a greek male name , meaning " bringer of victory " , which was commonly used among the byzantine empire 's aristocracy . 
Communitarianism ::   communitarianism is a philosophy that emphasizes the connection between the individual and the community . 
Keratin ::   keratin ( ) is one of a family of fibrous structural proteins . 
Ballista ::   the ballista ( latin , from greek βαλλίστρα " ballistra " and that from βάλλω " ballō " , " throw " ) , plural ballistae , sometimes called bolt thrower , was an ancient missile weapon that launched a large projectile at a distant target . 
Trebuchet ::   a trebuchet ( french " trébuchet " ) is a type of siege engine which uses a swinging arm to throw a projectile at the enemy . 
Zenobia ::   septimia zenobia ( palmyrene : ( btzby ) , pronounced bat - zabbai ; ad 240–c.274 ) was a third - century queen of the syria - based palmyrene empire . 
Polka ::   the polka is originally a czech dance and genre of dance music familiar throughout europe and the americas . 
Actuary ::   an actuary is a business professional who deals with the measurement and management of risk and uncertainty . 
VHDL ::   vhdl ( vhsic hardware description language ) is a hardware description language used in electronic design automation to describe digital and mixed - signal systems such as field - programmable gate arrays and integrated circuits . 
VHSIC ::   vhsic ( very high speed integrated circuit ) was a 1980s u.s. government program . 
Winchester ::   winchester is a city and the county town of hampshire , england . 
Aurelian ::   aurelian (; 9 september 214 or 215 – september or october 275 ) was roman emperor from 270 to 275 . 
Simulation ::   simulation is the imitation of the operation of a real - world process or system over time . 
Arachne ::   in greek mythology ( and later roman mythology ) , arachne (; from " spider " , cognate with latin " araneus " ) was a talented mortal weaver who challenged athena , goddess of wisdom and crafts , to a weaving contest ; this hubris resulted in her being transformed into a spider . 
Mutt ::   a mutt is a mongrel ( a dog of unknown ancestry ) . 
Rave ::   a rave ( from the verb : " to rave " ) is a large dance party at a nightclub , dance club or festival featuring performances by djs , who select and mix a seamless flow of loud electronic dance music songs and tracks . 
Windmill ::   a windmill is a mill that converts the energy of wind into rotational energy by means of vanes called sails or blades . 
Dord ::   the word dord is a notable error in lexicography , an accidental creation , or ghost word , of the g. and c. merriam company 's staff in the " new international dictionary " , second edition ( 1934 ) , in which the term is defined as a synonym for density used by physicists and chemists . 
Amen ::   the word amen ( or ) is a declaration of affirmation found in the hebrew bible and the new testament . 
Abendana ::   abendana is a surname . 
Schist ::   schist ( pronounced ) is a medium - grade metamorphic rock with medium to large , flat , sheet - like grains in a preferred orientation ( nearby grains are roughly parallel ) . 
Uraninite ::   uraninite , formerly pitchblende , is a radioactive , uranium - rich mineral and ore with a chemical composition that is largely uo , but due to oxidation the mineral typically contains variable proportions of uo . 
Hornblende ::   hornblende is a complex inosilicate series of minerals ( ferrohornblende – magnesiohornblende ) . 
Basalt ::   basalt ( , or ) is a common extrusive igneous ( volcanic ) rock formed from the rapid cooling of basaltic lava exposed at or very near the surface of a planet or moon . 
Beeswax ::   beeswax ( cera alba ) is a natural wax produced by honey bees of the genus " apis " . 
Ruby ::   a ruby is a pink to blood - red colored gemstone , a variety of the mineral corundum ( aluminium oxide ) . 
Carmelites ::   the order of the brothers of the blessed virgin mary of mount carmel or carmelites ( sometimes simply carmel by synecdoche ; ) is a roman catholic religious order founded , probably in the 12th century , on mount carmel in the crusader states , hence the name carmelites . 
Fluorite ::   fluorite ( also called fluorspar ) is the mineral form of calcium fluoride , caf. it belongs to the halide minerals . 
Flux ::   flux describes the quantity which passes through a surface or substance . 
Exciton ::   an exciton is a bound state of an electron and an electron hole which are attracted to each other by the electrostatic coulomb force . 
Fjord ::   geologically , a fjord or fiord ( ) is a long , narrow inlet with steep sides or cliffs , created by glacial erosion . 
Crayfish ::   crayfish , also known as crawfish , crawdads , freshwater lobsters , mountain lobsters , mudbugs or yabbies , are freshwater crustaceans resembling small lobsters , to which they are related ; taxonomically , they are members of the superfamilies astacoidea and parastacoidea . 
Gnuplot ::   gnuplot is a command - line program that can generate two- and three - dimensional plots of functions , data , and data fits . 
Bud ::   in botany , a bud is an undeveloped or embryonic shoot and normally occurs in the axil of a leaf or at the tip of a stem . 
Jumping ::   jumping or leaping is a form of locomotion or movement in which an organism or non - living ( e.g. , robotic ) mechanical system propels itself through the air along a ballistic trajectory . 
Grease ::   grease most often refers to : grease may also refer to : 
Hari ::   hari ( sanskrit : हरि , iast : " harī " ) is the supreme absolute being in hinduism and is often used interchangeably with vishnu and narayana to such an extent that they are considered to be one and the same . 
Pension ::   a pension is a fund into which a sum of money is added during an employee 's employment years , and from which payments are drawn to support the person 's retirement from work in the form of periodic payments . 
Shark ::   sharks are a group of elasmobranch fish characterized by a cartilaginous skeleton , five to seven gill slits on the sides of the head , and pectoral fins that are not fused to the head . 
Method ::   method ( , methodos ) literally means a pursuit of knowledge , investigation , mode of prosecuting such inquiry , system . 
CFG ::   cfg may stand for : 
Spamdexing ::   in computing , spamdexing ( also known as search engine spam , search engine poisoning , black - hat seo , search spam or web spam ) is the deliberate manipulation of search engine indexes . 
Cadenza ::   in music , a cadenza ( from , meaning cadence ; plural , " cadenze " ) is , generically , an improvised or written - out ornamental passage played or sung by a soloist or soloists , usually in a " free " rhythmic style , and often allowing for virtuosic display . 
Flint ::   flint is a hard , sedimentary cryptocrystalline form of the mineral quartz , categorized as a variety of chert . 
Cryptocrystalline ::   cryptocrystalline is a rock texture made up of such minute crystals that its crystalline nature is only vaguely revealed even microscopically in thin section by transmitted polarized light . 
Parsi ::   parsi ( or parsee ) is one of two zoroastrian communities ( the other being iranis ) majorly located in india and few in pakistan . 
Decathlon ::   the decathlon is a combined event in athletics consisting of ten track and field events . 
Veneto ::   veneto ( or , ; , ) is one of the 20 regions of italy . 
McCarthyism ::   mccarthyism is the practice of making accusations of subversion or treason without proper regard for evidence . 
Lombardy ::   lombardy ( ; ; , , ) is one of the twenty administrative regions of italy , in the northwest of the country , with an area of 23,844 square kilometres ( 9,206 sq mi ) . 
Reality ::   reality is the state of things as they actually exist , as opposed to an idealistic or notional idea of them . 
Choir ::   a choir ( ) ( also known as a quire , chorale or chorus ) is a musical ensemble of singers . 
Micrometer ::   a micrometer ( ) , sometimes known as a micrometer screw gauge , is a device incorporating a calibrated screw widely used for precise measurement of components in mechanical engineering and machining as well as most mechanical trades , along with other metrological instruments such as dial , vernier , and digital calipers . 
Parasitism ::   in biology , parasitism is a non - mutual relationship between species , where one species , the parasite , benefits at the expense of the other , the host . 
Massage ::   massage involves working and acting on the body with pressure . 
Biofilm ::   a biofilm is any group of microorganisms in which cells stick to each other and often also to a surface . 
Antipyretic ::   antipyretics ( , from " anti- " ' against ' and " " ' feverish ' ) are substances that reduce fever . 
Clozapine ::   clozapine , sold under the brand name clozaril among others , is an atypical antipsychotic medication . 
Psychosurgery ::   psychosurgery , also called neurosurgery for mental disorder ( nmd ) , is the neurosurgical treatment of mental disorder . 
Calorimeter ::   a calorimeter is an object used for calorimetry , or the process of measuring the heat of chemical reactions or physical changes as well as heat capacity . 
Tórshavn ::   tórshavn (; ' thor 's harbour ' ; , ) is the capital and largest town of the faroe islands . 
Plumbing ::   plumbing is any system that conveys fluids for a wide range of applications . 
Dysphemism ::   a dysphemism is an expression with connotations that are offensive either about the subject matter or to the audience , or both . 
MiniDisc ::   minidisc ( md ) is a magneto - optical disc - based data storage format offering a capacity of 74 minutes and , later , 80 minutes , of digitized audio or 1 gigabyte of hi - md data . 
Candle ::   a candle is an ignitable wick embedded in wax or another flammable solid substance such as tallow that provides light , and in some cases , a fragrance . 
Permutation ::   in mathematics , the notion of permutation relates to the act of arranging all the members of a set into some sequence or order , or if the set is already ordered , rearranging ( reordering ) its elements , a process called permuting . 
Solvation ::   solvation describes the interaction of solvent with molecules or ions in a solute . 
Oceanography ::   oceanography ( compound of the greek words ὠκεανός meaning " ocean " and γράφω meaning " write " ) , also known as oceanology , is the study of the physical and the biological aspects of the ocean . 
Chiricahua ::   chiricahua ( ) are a band of apache native americans , based in the southern plains and southwest united states . 
Convulsion ::   a convulsion is a medical condition where body muscles contract and relax rapidly and repeatedly , resulting in an uncontrolled shaking of the body . 
Minuet ::   a minuet (; also spelled " menuet " ) , is a social dance of french origin for two people , usually in time . 
Symphony ::   a symphony is an extended musical composition in western classical music , most often written by composers for orchestra . 
Concerto ::   a concerto ( —plural " concertos " , anglicised from the italian " concerti " ( which is also used in english)—is a musical composition , whose characteristics have changed over time . 
Sonata ::   sonata (; italian : , pl . " sonate " ; from latin and italian : " sonare " , " to sound " ) , in music , literally means a piece " played " as opposed to a cantata ( latin and italian " cantare " , " to sing " ) , a piece " sung " . 
Gyroscope ::   a gyroscope ( from ancient greek γῦρος " gûros " , " circle " and σκοπέω " skopéō " , " to look " ) is a device used for measuring or maintaining orientation and angular velocity . 
Ramallah ::   ramallah ( ) is a palestinian city in the central west bank located north of jerusalem at an average elevation of above sea level , adjacent to al - bireh . 
Overture ::   overture ( from french " ouverture " , " opening " ) in music is the term originally applied to the instrumental introduction to an opera . 
Cantata ::   a cantata ( literally " sung " , past participle feminine singular of the italian verb " cantare " , " to sing " ) is a vocal composition with an instrumental accompaniment , typically in several movements , often involving a choir . 
Coda ::   coda can denote any concluding event , summation , or section . 
Cluedo ::   cluedo ( ) —known as clue in north america — is a murder mystery game for three to six players , devised by anthony e. pratt from birmingham , england . 
DocBook ::   docbook is a semantic markup language for technical documentation . 
Shale ::   shale is a fine - grained , clastic sedimentary rock composed of mud that is a mix of flakes of clay minerals and tiny fragments ( silt - sized particles ) of other minerals , especially quartz and calcite . 
Slate ::   slate is a fine - grained , foliated , homogeneous metamorphic rock derived from an original shale - type sedimentary rock composed of clay or volcanic ash through low - grade regional metamorphism . 
Menhaden ::   menhaden , also known as mossbunker and bunker , are forage fish of the genera brevoortia and ethmidium , two genera of marine fish in the family clupeidae . 
Gelimer ::   gelimer ( original form possibly geilamir , 480–553 ) , king of the vandals and alans ( 530–534 ) , was the last germanic ruler of the north african kingdom of the vandals . 
Nataraja ::   nataraja ( , , meaning " " the lord of dance " " ) , is a depiction of the hindu god shiva as the cosmic ecstatic dancer . 
Ramayana ::   ramayana (; , " " , ) , originally titled as kaavyam ramayanam kritsnam sitaayaas charitham mahat , is an ancient indian epic poem which narrates the struggle of the divine prince rama to rescue his wife sita from the demon king ravana . 
Dakar ::   dakar (; ) is the capital and largest city of senegal . 
Microsatellite ::   a microsatellite is a tract of repetitive dna in which certain dna motifs ( ranging in length from 2–13 base pairs ) are repeated , typically 5–50 times . 
Metafont ::   metafont is a description language used to define vector fonts . 
Batumi ::   batumi ( ) is the second largest city of georgia , located on the coast of the black sea in the country 's southwest . 
Vltava ::   the vltava (; ; , ) is the longest river within the czech republic , running southeast along the bohemian forest and then north across bohemia , through český krumlov , české budějovice and prague , and finally merging with the elbe at mělník . 
Syenite ::   syenite is a coarse - grained intrusive igneous rock with a general composition similar to that of granite , but deficient in quartz , which , if present at all , occurs in relatively small concentrations ( < 5% ) . 
Drumlin ::   a drumlin , from the irish word " droimnín " ( " littlest ridge " ) , first recorded in 1833 , and in the classical sense is an elongated hill in the shape of an inverted spoon or half - buried egg formed by glacial ice acting on underlying unconsolidated till or ground moraine . 
Moraine ::   a moraine is any glacially formed accumulation of unconsolidated glacial debris ( regolith and rock ) that occurs in both currently and formerly glaciated regions on earth ( i.e. a past glacial maximum ) , through geomorphological processes . 
Amélie ::   amélie ( also known as le fabuleux destin d'amélie poulain ; ; ) is a 2001 french romantic comedy film directed by jean - pierre jeunet . 
Leopard ::   the leopard ( " panthera pardus " ) is one of the five " big cats " in the genus " panthera " . 
Hilderic ::   hilderic ( 460s – 533 ) was the penultimate king of the vandals and alans in north africa in late antiquity ( 523–530 ) . 
Olbia ::   olbia ( , ; ; gallurese : " tarranòa " ) is a city and " comune " of 59,885 inhabitants ( november 2016 ) in northeastern sardinia ( italy ) , in the gallura sub - region . 
Gallura ::   gallura is a region in the northeast of the island of sardinia , italy . 
Invention ::   an invention is a unique or novel device , method , composition or process . 
Phocas ::   phocas (; , " phokas " ; 547 – 5 october 610 ) was byzantine emperor from 602 to 610 . 
Commodus ::   commodus ( 31 august 161ad– 31 december 192ad ) , born lucius aurelius commodus and died lucius aelius aurelius commodus , was roman emperor from177 to 192 . 
Severus ::   severus is the name of various historical and fictional figures , including : 
Beggar-my-neighbour ::   beggar - my - neighbour , also known as strip - jack - naked in some european countries , is a simple card game somewhat similar in nature to war , and has spawned a more complicated variant , egyptian ratscrew . 
Begonia ::   begonia is a genus of perennial flowering plants in the family begoniaceae . 
Clover ::   clover or trefoil are common names for plants of the genus trifolium ( latin , " tres " " three " + " folium " " leaf " ) , consisting of about 300 species of plants in the leguminous pea family fabaceae . 
Shallot ::   the shallot is a type of onion , specifically a botanical variety of the species " allium cepa " . 
Typewriter ::   a typewriter is a mechanical or electromechanical machine for writing characters similar to those produced by printer 's movable type . 
Trefoil ::   trefoil ( from latin ' , " three - leaved plant " , french ' , italian ' , german ' and ' , dutch ' , " clover " , same as clubs ) is a graphic form composed of the outline of three overlapping rings used in architecture and christian symbolism . 
Gunderic ::   gunderic (; 379–428 ) , king of hasding vandals ( 407 - 418 ) , then king of vandals and alans ( 418–428 ) , led the hasding vandals , a germanic tribe originally residing near the oder river , to take part in the barbarian invasions of the western roman empire in the fifth century . 
Muggle ::   in the " harry potter " book series , a muggle ( ) is a person who lacks any sort of magical ability and was not born in a magical family . 
Shakers ::   the united society of believers in christ 's second appearing , more commonly known as the shakers , is a millenarian restorationist christian sect founded in the 18th century in england . 
Kabala ::   kabala can refer to : 
Zoroaster ::   zoroaster ( or , from greek " zōroastrēs " ) , also known as zarathustra (; ' " zaraθuštra " ) , zarathushtra spitama or ashu zarathushtra was an ancient iranian - speaking prophet whose teachings and innovations on the religious traditions of ancient iranian - speaking peoples developed into the religion of zoroastrianism , which by some accounts was the first world religion . 
Conjunctivitis ::   conjunctivitis , also known as pink eye , is inflammation of the outermost layer of the white part of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelid . 
Senate ::   a senate is a deliberative assembly , often the upper house or chamber of a bicameral legislature or parliament . 
Legislature ::   a legislature is a deliberative assembly with the authority to make laws for a political entity such as a country or city . 
Adjara ::   adjara ( ) , officially known as the autonomous republic of adjara ( georgian : აჭარის ავტონომიური რესპუბლიკა ) , is a historical , geographic and political - administrative region of georgia . 
Glacis ::   a glacis (; ) in military engineering is an artificial slope as part of a medieval castle or in early modern fortresses . 
Biafra ::   biafra ( officially the republic of biafra ) was an unrecognized country in west africa from 1967 to 1970 , made up of the states in the eastern region of nigeria . 
Anti-capitalism ::   anti - capitalism encompasses a wide variety of movements , ideas and attitudes that oppose capitalism . 
Imereti ::   imereti ( georgian : იმერეთი ) is a region in georgia situated along the middle and upper reaches of the rioni river . 
Pluto ::   pluto ( minor - planet designation : 134340 pluto ) is a dwarf planet in the kuiper belt , a ring of bodies beyond neptune . 
Ctesiphon ::   ctesiphon ( ; ; from parthian / middle persian : " tyspwn " or " tysfwn " ) was an ancient city located on the eastern bank of tigris , and about southeast of present - day baghdad . 
Saturn ::   saturn is the sixth planet from the sun and the second - largest in the solar system , after jupiter . 
Uranus ::   uranus is the seventh planet from the sun . 
Respirometer ::   a respirometer is a device used to measure the rate of respiration of a living organism by measuring its rate of exchange of oxygen and/or carbon dioxide . 
Tuff ::   tuff ( from the italian " tufo " ) is a type of rock made of volcanic ash ejected from a vent during a volcanic eruption . 
Chatti ::   the chatti ( also chatthi or catti ) were an ancient germanic tribe whose homeland was near the upper weser . 
Mahikeng ::   mahikeng , formerly and still commonly known as mafikeng and historically mafeking in english ( see below ) , is the capital city of the north - west province of south africa . 
Acadians ::   the acadians ( , ) are the descendants of french colonists who settled in acadia during the 17th and 18th centuries , some of whom are also descended from the indigenous peoples of the region . 
Raphael ::   raffaello sanzio da urbino (; march 28 or april 6 , 1483april 6 , 1520 ) , known as raphael ( , ) , was an italian painter and architect of the high renaissance . 
Till ::   till or glacial till is unsorted glacial sediment . 
Bloemfontein ::   bloemfontein (; ; afrikaans and dutch previously " fountain of flowers " or " blooming fountain ; " also known as bloem ) is the capital city of the province of free state of south africa ; and , as the judicial capital of the nation , one of south africa 's three national capitals ( the other two being cape town , the legislative capital , and pretoria , the administrative capital ) . 
Herbivore ::   a herbivore is an animal anatomically and physiologically adapted to eating plant material , for example foliage , for the main component of its diet . 
Hackney ::   hackney commonly refers to : it may also refer to : 
Monostable ::   a monostable multivibrator is an electronic circuit that generates an output pulse . 
Cyclotron ::   a cyclotron is a type of particle accelerator invented by ernest o. lawrence in 1934 in which charged particles accelerate outwards from the centre along a spiral path . 
Rib ::   in vertebrate anatomy , ribs ( ) are the long curved bones which form the rib cage . 
Positronium ::   positronium ( ps ) is a system consisting of an electron and its anti - particle , a positron , bound together into an exotic atom , specifically an onium . 
Chalcedony ::   chalcedony ( ) is a cryptocrystalline form of silica , composed of very fine intergrowths of quartz and moganite . 
Carnelian ::   carnelian ( also spelled cornelian ) is a brownish - red mineral commonly used as a semi - precious gemstone . 
Calcite ::   calcite is a carbonate mineral and the most stable polymorph of calcium carbonate ( caco ) . 
Tarocchini ::   tarocchini ( plural for " tarocchino " ) are point trick - taking tarot card games originating from the 17th century . 
Diphthong ::   a diphthong ( or ; from greek : , " diphthongos " , literally " two sounds " or " two tones " ) , also known as a gliding vowel , is a combination of two adjacent vowel sounds within the same syllable . 
Ultramarine ::   ultramarine is a deep blue color and a pigment which was originally made by grinding lapis lazuli into a powder . 
Michif ::   michif ( also mitchif , mechif , michif - cree , métif , métchif , french cree ) is the language of the métis people of canada and the united states , who are the descendants of first nations women ( mainly cree , nakota and ojibwe ) and fur trade workers of european ancestry ( mainly french and scottish canadians ) . 
Lazurite ::   lazurite is a tectosilicate mineral with sulfate , sulfur and chloride with formula : ( na , ca)[(s , cl , so , oh)<nowiki>|</nowiki>(alsio ) ] . 
Porcupine ::   porcupines are rodentian mammals with a coat of sharp spines , or quills , that protect against predators . 
Polokwane ::   polokwane ( ) , meaning " place of safety " in northern sotho , is a city in the polokwane local municipality and the capital of the limpopo province , south africa . 
Leprosy ::   leprosy , also known as hansen 's disease ( hd ) , is a long - term infection by the bacterium " mycobacterium leprae " or " mycobacterium lepromatosis " . 
Genre ::   genre ( , or ; from french " genre " , " kind " or " sort " , from latin " genus " ( stem " gener- " ) , greek γένος , " génos " ) is any form or type of communication in any mode ( written , spoken , digital , artistic , etc . ) with socially - agreed upon conventions developed over time . 
Ferroelectricity ::   ferroelectricity is a charactristic of certain materials that have a spontaneous electric polarization that can be reversed by the application of an external electric field . 
Soapstone ::   soapstone ( also known as steatite , or " soaprock " ) is a talc - schist , which is a type of metamorphic rock . 
Judge ::   a judge is a person who presides over court proceedings , either alone or as a part of a panel of judges . 
Jury ::   a jury is a sworn body of people convened to render an impartial verdict ( a finding of fact on a question ) officially submitted to them by a court , or to set a penalty or judgment . 
Printing ::   printing is a process for reproducing text and images using a master form or template . 
Magnetoresistance ::   magnetoresistance is the tendency of a material to change the value of its electrical resistance in an externally - applied magnetic field . 
Burgos ::   burgos ( , , ) is a city in northern spain and the historic capital of castile . 
Chalk ::   chalk ( ) is a soft , white , porous , sedimentary carbonate rock , a form of limestone composed of the mineral calcite . 
Bulgars ::   the bulgars ( also bulghars , bulgari , bolgars , bolghars , bolgari , pre - bulgarians , proto - bulgarians ) were turkic semi - nomadic warrior tribes that flourished in the pontic - caspian steppe and the volga region during the 7th century . 
Aria ::   an aria (; ; plural : " arie " , or " arias " in common usage , diminutive form arietta or ariette ) in music was originally any expressive melody , usually , but not always , performed by a singer . 
Driftwood ::   driftwood is wood that has been washed onto a shore or beach of a sea , lake , or river by the action of winds , tides or waves . 
Confectionery ::   confectionery , also called sweets or candy , is sweet food . 
Coventry ::   coventry ( ) is a city and metropolitan borough in the west midlands , england . 
Alcamo ::   alcamo ( sicilian : àrcamu ) is the fourth - largest town in the province of trapani in sicily , with a population of 45,307 inhabitants . 
Carpigiani ::   carpigiani is an italian company , located near bologna , specialising in the production of ice cream making machines . 
Segesta ::   segesta (; ) was one of the major cities of the elymian people , one of the three indigenous peoples of sicily . 
Calabria ::   calabria (; ' in calabrian , ' in calabrian greek , in greek , ' in arbëresh ) , known in antiquity as bruttium , is a region in southern italy . 
Yakuza ::   , also known as , are members of transnational organized crime syndicates originating in japan . 
Catania ::   catania ( ) is the second largest city of sicily located on the east coast facing the ionian sea . 
Trapani ::   trapani (; , ) is a city and " comune " on the west coast of sicily in italy . 
Gibellina ::   gibellina ( sicilian : " gibbiddina " ) is a small city and " comune " in the mountains of central sicily , italy in the province of trapani . 
Erice ::   erice (; ) is a historic town and " comune " in the province of trapani in sicily , italy . 
Apulia ::   apulia ( ; ; ; ; , apoulia ) is a region of italy in southern italy bordering the adriatic sea to the east , the ionian sea to the southeast , and the strait of òtranto and gulf of taranto to the south . 
Bari ::   bari ( ) ( bari dialect : bare ; ; , " bárion " ) is the capital city of the metropolitan city of bari and of the apulia region , on the adriatic sea , in italy . 
Dream ::   a dream is a succession of images , ideas , emotions , and sensations that usually occur involuntarily in the mind during certain stages of sleep . 
Luminosity ::   in astronomy , luminosity is the total amount of energy emitted by a star , galaxy , or other astronomical object per unit time . 
Naburimannu ::   nabu - ri - man - nu ( also spelled " nabu - rimanni " ; greek sources called him ναβουριανός , " nabourianos " , latin " naburianus " ) ( fl . c. 6th – 
Bagheria ::   bagheria (; sicilian : " baarìa " ) is a town and " comune " in the metropolitan city of palermo in sicily , italy . 
Milazzo ::   milazzo ( sicilian : milazzu , latin : mylae ) is a town ( " comune " ) in the metropolitan city of messina , sicily , southern italy ; it is the largest commune in the metropolitan city after messina and barcellona pozzo di gotto . 
Pentito ::   italian term pentito (; " repentant " ; plural : " pentiti " ) is used colloquially to designate people in italy who were formerly part of criminal or terrorist organizations , and who , following their arrests , decided to " repent " and collaborate with the judiciary to help further investigations . 
Zakopane ::   zakopane is a town in the extreme south of poland . 
Corleone ::   corleone ( ) ( sicilian : " cunigghiuni " or " curliuni " ) is an italian town and " comune " of roughly 11,158 inhabitants in the metropolitan city of palermo , in sicily . 
Łódź ::   łódź (; ; , " lodzh " ; also written as lodz ) is the third - largest city in poland and a former industrial centre . 
Olsztyn ::   olsztyn (; ; ; old polish : " holstin " ; old prussian : " alnāsteini " or " alnestabs " ; lithuanian : " alnaštynas " , " alnštynas " , " alštynas " ( historical ) and " olštynas " ( modern ) ) is a city on the łyna river in northeastern poland . 
Pragmatics ::   pragmatics is a subfield of linguistics and semiotics that studies the ways in which context contributes to meaning . 
Mortadella ::   mortadella ( ) is a large italian sausage or luncheon meat ( " salume " ) made of finely hashed or ground , heat - cured pork , which incorporates at least 15% small cubes of pork fat ( principally the hard fat from the neck of the pig ) . 
Deixis ::   in linguistics , deixis ( ) refers to words and phrases , such as “ me ” or “ here ” , that can not be fully understood without additional contextual information -- in this case , the identity of the speaker ( “ me ” ) and the speaker 's location ( “ here ” ) . 
Kidinnu ::   kidinnu ( also " kidunnu " ) ( fl . 
Welding ::   welding is a fabrication or sculptural process that joins materials , usually metals or thermoplastics , by causing fusion , which is distinct from lower temperature metal - joining techniques such as brazing and soldering , which do not melt the base metal . 
Espoo ::   espoo (; , ) is the second largest city and municipality in finland . 
Kauniainen ::   kauniainen (; ) is a small town and a municipality of inhabitants ( ) in the helsinki metropolitan area , finland . 
Asthma ::   asthma is a common long - term inflammatory disease of the airways of the lungs . 
Syllable ::   a syllable is a unit of organization for a sequence of speech sounds . 
Selinunte ::   selinunte (; , " selinous " ; ) was an ancient greek city on the south - western coast of sicily in italy . 
Mahogany ::   mahogany is a kind of wood — the straight - grained , reddish - brown timber of three tropical hardwood species of the genus " swietenia " , indigenous to the americas , part of the pantropical chinaberry family , meliaceae . 
Pavia ::   pavia (; lombard : " pavia " ; ; medieval latin : " papia " ) is a town and " comune " of south - western lombardy , northern italy , south of milan on the lower ticino river near its confluence with the po . 
Dogma ::   dogma is an official system of principles or tenets of a church , such as roman catholicism , or a philosophy such as stoicism . " dogma " is transliterated in the 17th century from latin   ( latin dogma )   meaning " philosophical tenet " , derived from the greek ' dogma '   ( greek ) meaning literally " that which one thinks is true " and ' dokein '   ( greek " dokeo " ) " to seem good . " 
Campania ::   campania ( ) is a region in southern italy . 
'Ndrangheta ::   the ' ndràngheta ( ) is an organized crime group centered in calabria , italy . 
Camorra ::   the camorra is an italian mafia - type crime syndicate , or secret society , which arose in the region of campania and its capital naples . 
Cagliari ::   cagliari ( , or ; ; ; ) is an italian municipality and the capital of the island of sardinia , an autonomous region of italy . 
Phrase ::   in everyday speech , a phrase may be any group of words , often carrying a special idiomatic meaning ; in this sense it is roughly synonymous with expression . 
Kapellmeister ::   in german - speaking countries during the approximate period 1500–1800 , the word kapellmeister often designated the director of music for a monarch or nobleman . 
Amman ::   amman (; " " ) is the capital and most populous city of jordan , and the country 's economic , political and cultural centre . 
Petra ::   petra ( arabic : البتراء , " al - batrāʾ " ; ancient greek : πέτρα ) , originally known to the nabataeans as raqmu , is a historical and archaeological city in southern jordan . 
Dordogne ::   dordogne (; ) is a department in southwestern france , with its prefecture in périgueux . 
Marsala ::   marsala (; ) is an italian town located in the province of trapani in the westernmost part of sicily . 
Framestore ::   framestore is a british visual effects company based near oxford street in london . 
Biodiversity ::   biodiversity , a portmanteau of " bio " ( life ) and " diversity " , generally refers to the variety and variability of life on earth . 
Castroreale ::   castroreale ( sicilian : castruriali ) is a village in the metropolitan city of messina , sicily , southern italy . 
Karuta ::   the basic idea of any " e - awase karuta " game is to be able to quickly determine which card out of an array of cards is required and then to grab the card before it is grabbed by an opponent . 
Agrigento ::   agrigento ( sicilian : " girgenti or giurgenti " ) is a city on the southern coast of sicily , italy , and capital of the province of agrigento . 
Alans ::   the alans ( or " alani " ) were an iranian nomadic pastoral people of antiquity . 
Moors ::   the term " moors " refers primarily to the muslim inhabitants of the maghreb , the iberian peninsula , sicily , and malta during the middle ages . 
Discourse ::   discourse ( from latin " discursus " , " running to and from " ) denotes written and spoken communications : as discourse , an enouncement ( statement ) is not a unit of semiotic signs , but an abstract construct that allows the semiotic signs to assign meaning , and so communicate specific , repeatable communications to , between , and among objects , subjects , and statements . 
Chennai ::   chennai (; formerly known as madras or ) is the capital of the indian state of tamil nadu . 
CP/M ::   cp / m , originally standing for control program / monitor and later control program for microcomputers , is a mass - market operating system created for intel 8080/85-based microcomputers by gary kildall of digital research , inc. 
Tatian ::   tatian of adiabene , or tatian the syrian , tatian the assyrian , (; ; ; ; c. 120 – c. 180 ad ) was a syrian christian writer and theologian of the 2nd century . 
Olivine ::   the mineral olivine ( ) is a magnesium iron silicate with the formula ( mg , fe)sio. 
Peridot ::   peridot ( or ) is gem - quality olivine , which is a silicate mineral with the formula of ( mg , fe)sio. as peridot is the magnesium - rich variety of olivine ( forsterite ) , the formula approaches mgsio. the origin of the name " peridot " is uncertain . 
Orthoclase ::   orthoclase , or orthoclase feldspar ( endmember formula kalsio ) , is an important tectosilicate mineral which forms igneous rock . 
Microcline ::   microcline ( kalsio ) is an important igneous rock - forming tectosilicate mineral . 
Anorthoclase ::   the mineral anorthoclase ( ( na , k)alsio ) is a crystalline solid solution in the alkali feldspar series , in which the sodium - aluminium silicate member exists in larger proportion . 
Plagioclase ::   plagioclase is a series of tectosilicate ( framework silicate ) minerals within the feldspar group . 
Carabinieri ::   the carabinieri ( formally " arma dei carabinieri " , " arm of carabineers " or previously " corpo dei carabinieri reali " , " corps of royal carabiniers " ; ) is an italian military force charged with police duties under the authority of both the ministry of defence and ministry of the interior ( for public order tasks ) . 
Brandy ::   brandy is a spirit produced by distilling wine . 
Schumann ::   schumann or schuman is a german surname . 
Meliaceae ::   meliaceae , or the mahogany family , is a flowering plant family of mostly trees and shrubs ( and a few herbaceous plants , mangroves ) in the order sapindales . 
Staines-upon-Thames ::   staines - upon - thames is a town on the river thames in surrey , england . 
Slough ::   slough ( ) is a large town in berkshire , england , on the western fringes of the greater london urban area , west of central london , north of windsor , east of maidenhead , south - east of high wycombe and north - east of reading . 
Congruence ::   congruence ( symbol : ≅ ) is the state achieved by coming together , the state of agreement . 
Subalgebra ::   in mathematics , a subalgebra is a subset of an algebra , closed under all its operations , and carrying the induced operations 
Chacmool ::   chacmool ( also spelled chac - mool ) is the term used to refer to a particular form of pre - columbian mesoamerican sculpture depicting a reclining figure with its head facing 90 degrees from the front , supporting itself on its elbows and supporting a bowl or a disk upon its stomach . 
Korn ::   korn ( stylized as koяn ) is a nu metal band from bakersfield , california , u.s.a. , formed in 1993 . 
Biosafety ::   biosafety is the prevention of large - scale loss of biological integrity , focusing both on ecology and human health . 
Biosecurity ::   biosecurity has multiple meanings and is defined differently according to various disciplines . 
Bonobo ::   the bonobo ( or ; " pan paniscus " ) , formerly called the pygmy chimpanzee and less often , the dwarf or gracile chimpanzee , is an endangered great ape and one of the two species making up the genus " pan " ; the other is " pan troglodytes " , or the common chimpanzee . 
Cuthbert ::   cuthbert ( c. 634 – 20 march 687 ) is a saint of the early northumbrian church in the celtic tradition . 
Qarshi ::   qarshi ( / қарши ; " nakhshab " ; karshi ) is a city in southern uzbekistan . 
Flange ::   a flange is an external or internal ridge , or rim ( lip ) , for strength , as the flange of an iron beam such as an i - beam or a t - beam ; or for attachment to another object , as the flange on the end of a pipe , steam cylinder , etc . , or on the lens mount of a camera ; or for a flange of a rail car or tram wheel . 
Hogwarts ::   hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry , shortened hogwarts , is a fictional british school of magic for students aged eleven to eighteen , and is the primary setting for the first six books in j.k. rowling 's " harry potter " series . 
Molfetta ::   molfetta is city of the metropolitan city of bari , apulia , southern italy . 
Writer ::   a writer is a person who uses written words in various styles and techniques to communicate their ideas . 
Vecchio ::   vecchio (; plural " vecchi " , meaning " old one " or simply " old " ) , is a category of aged , male characters from the italian " commedia dell'arte " . 
Pantalone ::   pantalone , spelled pantaloon in english , is one of the most important principal characters found in commedia dell'arte . 
Garonne ::   the garonne ( , ; in occitan , catalan , portuguese and spanish : " garona " ; or " garunna " ) is a river in southwest france and northern spain , with a length of . 
Toulouse ::   toulouse (; ; , ) is the capital of the french department of haute - garonne and of the region of occitanie . 
Bactria ::   bactria or bactriana was the name of a historical region in central asia . 
Ecoregion ::   an ecoregion ( ecological region ) is an ecologically and geographically defined area that is smaller than a bioregion , which in turn is smaller than an ecozone . 
Sardis ::   sardis ( ) or sardes (; lydian : " sfard " ; " sardeis " ; ) was an ancient city at the location of modern " sart " ( sartmahmut before 19 october 2005 ) in turkey 's manisa province . 
Tribe ::   a tribe is viewed , developmentally or historically , as a social group existing before the development of nation states , or outside them . 
Sassari ::   sassari ( ; ; ) is an italian city and the second - largest of sardinia in terms of population with 127,525 inhabitants , and a functional urban area of about 222,000 inhabitants . 
Bastia ::   bastia ( ) ( , ) is a french commune in the haute - corse department of france located in the north - east of the island of corsica at the base of cap corse . 
Painterliness ::   painterliness is a concept based on the german term ( painterly ) , a word popularized by swiss art historian heinrich wölfflin ( 1864–1945 ) to help focus , enrich and standardize the terms being used by art historians of his time to characterize works of art . 
Physiocracy ::   physiocracy (; from the greek for " government of nature " ) is an economic theory developed by a group of 18th century enlightenment french economists who believed that the wealth of nations was derived solely from the value of " land agriculture " or " land development " and that agricultural products should be highly priced . 
Autarky ::   autarky is the quality of being self - sufficient . 
Corfu ::   corfu or kerkyra (; , " kérkyra " ; ; ; ) is a greek island in the ionian sea . 
Manhattan ::   manhattan ( , ) is the most densely populated borough of new york city , its economic and administrative center , and its historical birthplace . 
Utility ::   in economics , utility is a measure of preferences over some set of goods ( including services : something that satisfies human wants ) ; it represents satisfaction experienced by the consumer of a good . 
Coelacanth ::   the coelacanths ( ) constitute a now rare order of fish that includes two extant species in the genus " latimeria " : the west indian ocean coelacanth ( " latimeria chalumnae " ) primarily found near the comoro islands off the east coast of africa and the indonesian coelacanth ( " latimeria menadoensis " ) . 
UNCF ::   uncf , the united negro college fund , also known as the united fund , is an american philanthropic organization that funds scholarships for black students and general scholarship funds for 37 private historically black colleges and universities . 
Treeshrew ::   the treeshrews ( or tree shrews or banxrings ) are small euarchont mammals native to the tropical forests of southeast asia . 
Toltec ::   the toltec culture is an archaeological mesoamerican culture that dominated a state centered in tula , hidalgo , mexico in the early post - classic period of mesoamerican chronology ( ca . 
Refugee ::   a refugee , generally speaking , is a displaced person who has been forced to cross national boundaries and who can not return home safely ( for more detail see legal definition ) . 
Ozieri ::   its cathedral of the immacolata is the episcopal see of the roman catholic diocese of ozieri . 
Alghero ::   alghero (; , , ; ; ) , is a town of about 44,000 inhabitants in the italian insular province of sassari in northwestern sardinia , next to the mediterranean sea . 
Sartène ::   sartène (; , ) , is a commune in the corse - du - sud department of france on the island of corsica . 
Queens ::   queens is the easternmost and largest in area of the five boroughs of new york city . 
Biodefense ::   biodefense refers to measures to restore biosecurity to a group of organisms who are , or may be , subject to biological threats or infectious diseases . 
Chukyo ::   chukyo can refer to : the city of nagoya ( 中京 chūkyō ) . 
Strepsiptera ::   the strepsiptera ( translation : " twisted wing " ' , giving rise to the insects ' common name , twisted - wing parasites ) are an endopterygote order of insects with nine extant families making up about 600 species . 
Surgery ::   surgery ( from the " cheirourgikē " ( composed of χείρ , " hand " , and ἔργον , " work " ) , via , meaning " hand work " ) is a medical specialty that uses operative manual and instrumental techniques on a patient to investigate or treat a pathological condition such as a disease or injury , to help improve bodily function or appearance or to repair unwanted ruptured areas . 
Cheetah ::   the cheetah ( " acinonyx jubatus " ) is a large felid of the subfamily felinae that occurs mainly in eastern and southern africa and a few parts of iran . 
Psychopharmacology ::   psychopharmacology ( from greek , " psȳkhē " , " breath , life , soul " ; , " pharmakon " , " drug " ; and , " -logia " ) is the scientific study of the effects drugs have on mood , sensation , thinking , and behavior . 
Demography ::   demography ( from prefix " demo- " from ancient greek δῆμος " dēmos " meaning " the people " , and " -graphy " from γράφω " graphō " , implies " writing , description or measurement " ) is the statistical study of populations , especially human beings . 
Nightjar ::   nightjars are medium - sized nocturnal or crepuscular birds in the family caprimulgidae , characterized by long wings , short legs and very short bills . 
Atonality ::   atonality in its broadest sense is music that lacks a tonal center , or key . 
Nevi'im ::   nevi'im (; " nəḇî'îm " , lit . 
Eggplant ::   eggplant ( " solanum melongena " ) , or aubergine , is a species of nightshade , grown for its edible fruit . 
Horseradish ::   horseradish ( " armoracia rusticana " , syn . " cochlearia armoracia " ) is a perennial plant of the brassicaceae family ( which also includes mustard , wasabi , broccoli , and cabbage ) . 
Arecaceae ::   the arecaceae are a botanical family of perennial climbers , shrubs , acaules and trees commonly known as palm trees ( owing to historical usage , the family is alternatively called palmae ) . 
Hamburger ::   a hamburger , beefburger or burger is a sandwich consisting of one or more cooked patties of ground meat , usually beef , placed inside a sliced bread roll or bun . 
Panthera ::   panthera is a genus within the felidae family that was named and first described by the german naturalist oken in 1816 . 
Asti ::   asti is a city and comune of 76 164 inhabitants ( 1 - 1 - 2017 ) located in the piedmont region of northwestern italy , about east of turin in the plain of the tanaro river . 
Chariot ::   a chariot is a type of carriage driven by a charioteer using primarily horses to provide rapid motive power . 
Peloponnese ::   the peloponnese ( ) or peloponnesus (; , " pelopónnēsos " ) is a peninsula and geographic region in southern greece . 
Pyrite ::   the mineral pyrite , or iron pyrite , also known as fool 's gold , is an iron sulfide with the chemical formula fes. pyrite is considered the most common of the sulfide minerals . 
Hanazono ::   hanazono is a japanese surname , which can refer to : 
Pylos ::   pylos ( ) , historically also known under its italian name navarino , is a town and a former municipality in messenia , peloponnese , greece . 
Rocky ::   rocky is a 1976 american sports drama film directed by john g. avildsen and both written by and starring sylvester stallone . 
Kinshasa ::   kinshasa (; ; formerly léopoldville ( or dutch ) ) is the capital and the largest city of the democratic republic of the congo . 
Colonization ::   colonization ( or colonisation ) is a process by which a central system of power dominates the surrounding land and its components . 
Biomimetics ::   biomimetics or biomimicry is the imitation of the models , systems , and elements of nature for the purpose of solving complex human problems . 
Garuda ::   the garuda is a large legendary bird , bird - like creature , or humanoid bird that appears in both hindu and buddhist mythology . 
Subwoofer ::   a subwoofer ( or sub ) is a woofer , or a complete loudspeaker , which is dedicated to the reproduction of low - pitched audio frequencies known as bass . 
Eponym ::   an eponym is a person , place , or thing after whom or after which something is named , or believed to be named . 
Tetanus ::   tetanus , also known as lockjaw , is an infection characterized by muscle spasms . 
Gyrocompass ::   a gyrocompass is a type of non - magnetic compass which is based on a fast - spinning disc and the rotation of the earth ( or another planetary body if used elsewhere in the universe ) to find geographical direction automatically . 
Palatino ::   palatino is the name of an old - style serif typeface designed by hermann zapf , initially released in 1949 by the stempel foundry and later by other companies , most notably the mergenthaler linotype company . 
Optima ::   optima is a humanist sans - serif typeface designed by hermann zapf and released by the d. stempel ag foundry , frankfurt , germany . 
Ferrara ::   ferrara ( ) ( emilian : frara ) is a city and " comune " in emilia - romagna , northern italy , capital city of the province of ferrara . 
Agritourism ::   agritourism or agrotourism , as it is defined most broadly , involves any agriculturally based operation or activity that brings visitors to a farm or ranch . 
Opeth ::   opeth is a swedish heavy metal band from stockholm , formed in 1989 . 
Uffizi ::   the uffizi gallery ( , ) is a prominent art museum located adjacent to the piazza della signoria in the historic centre of florence in the region of tuscany , italy . 
Monastery ::   a monastery is a building or complex of buildings comprising the domestic quarters and workplaces of monastics , monks or nuns , whether living in communities or alone ( hermits ) . 
Loudspeaker ::   a loudspeaker ( or loud - speaker or speaker ) is an electroacoustic transducer ; which converts an electrical audio signal into a corresponding sound . 
Sigmoid ::   sigmoid means resembling the lower - case greek letter sigma ( ς ) or the latin letter s. specific uses include : 
Trento ::   trento ( anglicized as trent ; local dialects : " trènt " ; ) is a city on the adige river in trentino - alto adige / südtirol in italy . 
Cathedral ::   a cathedral is a christian church which contains the seat of a bishop , thus serving as the central church of a diocese , conference , or episcopate . 
Leeuwarden ::   leeuwarden ( , ) , stadsfries : " liwwadden " ) is a city and municipality with a population of 108,249 in friesland in the netherlands . 
Swastika ::   the swastika ( as a character 卐 or 卍 ) is an ancient religious icon used in the indian subcontinent , east asia and southeast asia , where it has been and remains a sacred symbol of spiritual principles in hinduism , buddhism and jainism . 
Clanging ::   in psychology and psychiatry , clanging refers to a mode of speech characterized by association of words based upon sound rather than concepts . 
Pentecost ::   the christian holiday of pentecost , celebrated on the fiftieth day after easter , commemorates the descent of the holy spirit upon the apostles and other followers of jesus christ while they were in jerusalem celebrating the feast of weeks , as described in the acts of the apostles ( ) . 
Whatì ::   whatì ( from the dogrib language meaning " marten lakes " ) , officially the tłı̨chǫ community government of whatì is a first nations community in the north slave region of the northwest territories , canada . 
Ergative ::   the term ergative is used in grammar in three different meanings : 
Building ::   a building or edifice is a structure with a roof and walls standing more or less permanently in one place , such as a house or factory . 
Moldavia ::   moldavia ( , or " " , romanian cyrillic alphabet : ) is a historical region and former principality in eastern europe , corresponding to the territory between the eastern carpathians and the dniester river . 
Wallachia ::   wallachia or walachia ( ; archaic : ' , romanian cyrillic alphabet : ) is a historical and geographical region of romania . 
Wisdom ::   wisdom or sapience is the ability to think and act using knowledge , experience , understanding , common sense , and insight . 
Porpoise ::   porpoises are a group of fully aquatic marine mammals that are sometimes referred to as mereswine , all of which are classified under the family phocoenidae , parvorder odontoceti ( toothed whales ) . 
Psychedelia ::   psychedelia is the subculture , originating in the 1960s , of people who often use psychedelic drugs such as lsd , mescaline ( found in peyote ) and psilocybin ( found in some mushrooms ) . 
Halteres ::   in dipterous insects , halteres (; singular halter or haltere ) are minute dumbbell - shaped organs which have been modified from hindwings to provide a means of encoding body rotations during flight . 
Pardubice ::   pardubice (; ) is a city in the czech republic . 
Grasse ::   grasse (; provençal occitan : " grassa " or " grasso " , ) is a commune in the alpes - maritimes department ( of which it is a sub - prefecture ) , on the french riviera . 
Violence ::   violence is defined by the world health organization as " the intentional use of physical force or power , threatened or actual , against oneself , another person , or against a group or community , which either results in or has a high likelihood of resulting in injury , death , psychological harm , maldevelopment , or deprivation " , although the group acknowledges that the inclusion of " the use of power " in its definition expands on the conventional understanding of the word . 
Eratosthenes ::   eratosthenes of cyrene (; , ;   – ) was a greek mathematician , geographer , poet , astronomer , and music theorist . 
ACIS ::   the 3d acis modeler ( acis ) is a geometric modeling kernel developed by spatial corporation ( formerly spatial technology ) , part of dassault systemes . 
Rennes ::   rennes (; , gallo : " resnn " , , ) is a city in the east of brittany in northwestern france at the confluence of the ille and the vilaine . 
Cardiomyopathy ::   cardiomyopathy is a group of diseases that affect the heart muscle . 
Sicherheitsdienst ::   following germany 's defeat in world war ii , the sd was declared a criminal organisation at the nuremberg trials , along with the rest of 's rsha ( including the gestapo ) both individually and as branches of the ss in the collective . 
GLONASS ::   glonass ( , ; ; transliteration " ") , or " global navigation satellite system " , is a space - based satellite navigation system operating in the radionavigation - satellite service . 
Lucca ::   lucca ( ) is a city and " comune " in tuscany , central italy , on the serchio , in a fertile plain near the tyrrhenian sea . 
Siderno ::   siderno ( ) is a town and " comune " located in calabria , italy about 3 kilometres from locri . 
SQUID ::   a squid ( for superconducting quantum interference device ) is a very sensitive magnetometer used to measure extremely subtle magnetic fields , based on superconducting loops containing josephson junctions . 
Butter ::   butter is a dairy product containing up to 80% butterfat ( in commercial products ) which is solid when chilled and at room temperature in some regions and liquid when warmed . 
Lobotomy ::   lobotomy ( " lobe ( of brain ) " ; " cut , slice " ) is a neurosurgical procedure , a form of psychosurgery , also known as a leukotomy or leucotomy ( from the greek " clear , white " and " ") . 
Tillage ::   tillage is the agricultural preparation of soil by mechanical agitation of various types , such as digging , stirring , and overturning . 
Marl ::   marl or marlstone is a calcium carbonate or lime - rich mud or mudstone which contains variable amounts of clays and silt . 
VistaVision ::   vistavision is a higher resolution , widescreen variant of the 35   mm motion picture film format which was created by engineers at paramount pictures in 1954 . 
Tuna ::   a tuna is a saltwater fish that belongs to the tribe thunnini , a sub - grouping of the mackerel family ( scombridae ) . 
Sowing ::   sowing is the process of planting seeds . 
Refrigeration ::   refrigeration is a process of removing heat from a low - temperature reservoir and transferring it to a high - temperature reservoir . 
Fever ::   fever , also known as pyrexia and febrile response , is defined as having a temperature above the normal range due to an increase in the body 's temperature set - point . 
Telemetry ::   telemetry is an automated communications process by which measurements and other data are collected at remote or inaccessible points and transmitted to receiving equipment for monitoring . 
Nightmare ::   a nightmare , also called a bad dream , is an unpleasant dream that can cause a strong emotional response from the mind , typically fear but also despair , anxiety and great sadness . 
Nadsat ::   nadsat is a fictional register or argot used by the teenagers in anthony burgess 's novel " a clockwork orange " . 
Atbash ::   atbash (; also transliterated atbaš ) is a monoalphabetic substitution cipher originally used to encode the hebrew alphabet . 
Xerxes ::   xerxes is a male name . 
Menelaus ::   in greek mythology , menelaus (; , " menelaos " , from μένος " vigor , rage , power " and λαός " people , " " wrath of the people " ) was a king of mycenaean ( pre - dorian ) sparta , the husband of helen of troy , and the son of atreus and aerope . 
Lobster ::   lobsters comprise a family ( nephropidae , sometimes also homaridae ) of large marine crustaceans . 
Flounder ::   flounders are a group of flatfish species . 
Globalization ::   globalization ( or globalisation ; see spelling differences ) is the increasing interaction of people through the growth of the international flow of money , ideas and culture . 
Chowder ::   chowder is a type of soup or stew often prepared with milk or cream and thickened with broken crackers , crushed ship biscuit , or a roux . 
Asparagus ::   asparagus , or garden asparagus , folk name sparrow grass , scientific name asparagus officinalis , is a spring vegetable , a flowering perennial plant species in the genus " asparagus " . 
Flatfish ::   a flatfish is a member of the order pleuronectiformes of ray - finned demersal fishes , also called the heterosomata , sometimes classified as a suborder of perciformes . 
Passerine ::   a passerine is any bird of the order passeriformes , which includes more than half of all bird species . 
Sashimi ::   sashimi (; , ) is a japanese delicacy consisting of very fresh raw meat or fish sliced into thin pieces . 
Phalangeriformes ::   phalangeriformes is a suborder of any of about 70 small- to medium - sized arboreal marsupial species native to australia , new guinea , and sulawesi ( and introduced to new zealand and china ) . 
Diatom ::   diatoms are a major group of microalgae , and are among the most common types of phytoplankton . 
Monmouth ::   monmouth ( or ; meaning " town on the monnow " ) is the historic county town of monmouthshire , wales . 
Aquitaine ::   aquitaine (; ; ; ; poitevin - saintongeais : " aguiéne " ) , archaic " guyenne"/"guienne " ( occitan : " guiana " ) was a traditional region of france , and was an administrative region of france until 1 january 2016 . 
Swansea ::   swansea ( ; ) , officially known as the city and county of swansea ( ) , is a coastal city and county in wales . 
FilmLight ::   established in 2002 , filmlight design , create and manufacture unique colour grading systems , image processing applications and workflow tools for the film and television industry . 
Ninja ::   a or was a covert agent or mercenary in feudal japan . 
Rosary ::   the rosary ( pronunciation : /ˈrəʊz(ə)ri/ , , in the sense of " crown of roses " or " garland of roses " ) , usually in the form of the dominican   rosary , is a form of prayer used especially in the catholic church named for the string of knots or beads used to count the component prayers . 
Ionia ::   ionia ( ancient greek : ἰωνία or ἰωνίη ) is an ancient region of central coastal anatolia in present - day turkey , the region nearest izmir , which was historically smyrna . 
Nisan ::   nisan ( or nissan ; , " nisan " " nîsān " ) on the assyrian calendar is the first month , and on the hebrew calendar is the first month of the ecclesiastical year and the seventh month ( eighth , in leap year ) of the civil year . 
Magenta ::   magenta ( ) is a color that is variously defined as purplish - red , reddish - purple , purplish - pink , or mauvish - crimson . 
YMCK ::   ymck is a japanese chiptune band , composed of midori kurihara ( vocals ) , takeshi yokemura ( music , lyrics , arrangement ) , and tomoyuki nakamura ( composition , music video ) . 
Crayon ::   a crayon ( or wax pastel ) is a stick of colored wax , charcoal , chalk or other material used for writing or drawing . 
Fun ::   fun is the enjoyment of pleasure , particularly in leisure activities . 
Assassins ::   assassins ( " al - ḥashāshīn " ) is the common name used to refer to an islamic sect formally known as the nizari ismailis . 
Airplane! ::   airplane ! ( titled flying high ! in australia , new zealand , south africa , japan and the philippines ) is a 1980 american satirical parody film directed and written by david and jerry zucker as well as jim abrahams , and produced by jon davison . 
Vandals ::   the vandals , an east germanic tribe or group of tribes , first appear in history as inhabiting present - day southern poland , but later moved around europe , successively establishing kingdoms in spain and in north africa in the 5th century . 
Frumenty ::   frumenty ( sometimes " frumentee " , " furmity " , " fromity " , or " fermenty " ) was a popular dish in western european medieval cuisine . 
L-system ::   an l - system or lindenmayer system is a parallel rewriting system and a type of formal grammar . 
Oat ::   the oat ( " avena sativa " ) , sometimes called the common oat , is a species of cereal grain grown for its seed , which is known by the same name ( usually in the plural , unlike other cereals and pseudocereals ) . 
Rye ::   rye ( " secale cereale " ) is a grass grown extensively as a grain , a cover crop and a forage crop . 
Turnip ::   the turnip or white turnip ( " brassica rapa " subsp . " rapa " ) is a root vegetable commonly grown in temperate climates worldwide for its white , bulbous taproot . 
Hedgehog ::   a hedgehog is any of the spiny mammals of the subfamily erinaceinae , in the eulipotyphlan family erinaceidae . 
Humulus ::   humulus , hop , is a small genus of flowering plants in the family cannabaceae . 
Hay ::   hay is grass , legumes , or other herbaceous plants that have been cut , dried , and stored for use as animal fodder , particularly for grazing animals such as cattle , horses , goats , and sheep . 
Straw ::   straw is an agricultural by - product , the dry stalks of cereal plants , after the grain and chaff have been removed . 
Loom ::   a loom is a device used to weave cloth and tapestry . 
Drainage ::   drainage is the natural or artificial removal of a surface 's water and sub - surface water from an area . 
Leiden ::   leiden (; ; in english and archaic dutch also leyden ) is a city and municipality in the dutch province of south holland . 
Demosthenes ::   demosthenes (; 
Catiline ::   lucius sergius catilina , known in english as catiline (; 108–62 bc ) , was a roman senator of the 1st century bc best known for the second catilinarian conspiracy , an attempt to overthrow the roman republic and , in particular , the power of the aristocratic senate . 
Shovelware ::   shovelware is derogatory computer jargon for software bundles noted more for the quantity of what is included than for the quality or usefulness . 
Soundtrack ::   a soundtrack , also written sound track , can be recorded music accompanying and synchronized to the images of a motion picture , book , television program or video game ; a commercially released soundtrack album of music as featured in the soundtrack of a film , video or television presentation ; or the physical area of a film that contains the synchronized recorded sound . 
Mise-en-scène ::   mise - en - scène ( " placing on stage " ) is an expression used to describe the design aspect of a theatre or film production , which essentially means " visual theme " or " telling a story "— both in visually artful ways through storyboarding , cinematography and stage design , and in poetically artful ways through direction . 
Xenu ::   xenu ( ) , also called xemu , was , according to scientology founder l. ron hubbard , the dictator of the " galactic confederacy " who 75 million years ago brought billions of his people to earth ( then known as " teegeeack " ) in dc-8-like spacecraft , stacked them around volcanoes , and killed them with hydrogen bombs . 
Maoism ::   mao zedong thought ( ) , or maoism , is a political theory derived from the teachings of the chinese political leader mao zedong ( 1893–1976 ) . 
Grep ::   codice_1 is a command - line utility for searching plain - text data sets for lines that match a regular expression . 
Xylem ::   xylem is one of the two types of transport tissue in vascular plants , phloem being the other . 
Amalfi ::   amalfi is a town and " comune " in the province of salerno , in the region of campania , italy , on the gulf of salerno . 
Saracen ::   saracen was a term widely used among christian writers in europe during the middle ages . 
Machaeridian ::   machaeridia is an extinct group of armoured , segmented annelid worms , known from the early ordovician ( late tremadoc ) to carboniferous . 
Arion ::   arion (; ) was a kitharode in ancient greece , a dionysiac poet credited with inventing the dithyramb : " as a literary composition for chorus dithyramb was the creation of arion of corinth , " the islanders of lesbos claimed him as their native son , but arion found a patron in periander , tyrant of corinth . 
E-carrier ::   the e - carrier is a member of the series of carrier systems developed for digital transmission of many simultaneous telephone calls by time - division multiplexing . 
Narses ::   narses ( also sometimes written nerses ; ; ; 478–573 ) was , with belisarius , one of the great generals in the service of the byzantine emperor justinian i during the roman reconquest that took place during justinian 's reign . 
Goliath ::   goliath (; ; arabic : جالوت " ǧulyāt " , " ǧālūt " ) of gath ( one of five city - states of the philistines ) was the biblical warrior defeated by the young david in the book of samuel . 
AIML ::   aiml , or artificial intelligence markup language , is an xml dialect for creating natural language software agents . 
Heidelberg ::   heidelberg ( ) is a college town in baden - württemberg situated on the river neckar in south - west germany . 
Fanorona ::   fanorona ( ) is a strategy board game for two players . 
Iolanthe ::   iolanthe ; or , the peer and the peri ( ) is a comic opera with music by arthur sullivan and libretto by w. s. gilbert . 
Fertilisation ::   fertilisation or fertilization ( see spelling differences ) , also known as generative fertilisation , conception , fecundation , syngamy and impregnation , is the fusion of gametes to initiate the development of a new individual organism . 
Federalist ::   the term federalist describes several political beliefs around the world . 
Spoon ::   a spoon is a utensil consisting of a small shallow bowl(also known as a head ) , oval or round , at the end of a handle . 
Manzanar ::   manzanar is most widely known as the site of one of ten american concentration camps where over 110,000 japanese americans were forcibly removed ( incarcerated ) during world war ii from december 1942 to 1945 . 
Babylonia ::   babylonia was an ancient akkadian - speaking state and cultural area based in central - southern mesopotamia ( present - day iraq ) . 
Issei ::   the character and uniqueness of the " issei " is recognized in its social history . 
Sansei ::   the character and uniqueness of the " sansei " is recognized in its social history . 
Otter ::   otters are carnivorous mammals in the subfamily lutrinae . 
Greyhawk ::   greyhawk , also known as the world of greyhawk , is a fictional world designed as a campaign setting for the " dungeons & dragons " fantasy roleplaying game . 
Flanaess ::   the flanaess is the eastern part of the continent of oerik , one of the four continents of the fictional world of oerth in the " world of greyhawk " campaign setting for the " dungeons & dragons " fantasy roleplaying game . 
Oerth ::   in the " dungeons & dragons " roleplaying game , oerth is the name of the fictional planet on which one of the earliest campaign settings , the " world of greyhawk " , is located . 
Ravenloft ::   ravenloft is a campaign setting for the " dungeons & dragons " roleplaying game . 
Mystara ::   mystara is a campaign setting for the " dungeons & dragons " fantasy role playing game . 
Planescape ::   planescape is a campaign setting for the " dungeons & dragons " fantasy role - playing game , originally designed by zeb cook . 
Spelljammer ::   spelljammer is a campaign setting for the " advanced dungeons & dragons " ( 2nd edition ) role - playing game , which features a fantastic ( as opposed to scientific ) outer space environment . 
Angband ::   in j. r. r. tolkien 's fantasy world of middle - earth , angband ( sindarin for ' iron prison ' ) is the name of the fortress of melkor , constructed before the first age , located in the iron mountains in the enemy 's land dor daedeloth north of beleriand . 
Libretto ::   a libretto is the text used in , or intended for , an extended musical work such as an opera , operetta , masque , oratorio , cantata or musical . 
Cepstrum ::   a cepstrum ( ) is the result of taking the inverse fourier transform ( ift ) of the logarithm of the estimated spectrum of a signal . 
Cunt ::   cunt is a vulgar word for the vulva or vagina and is also used as a term of disparagement . 
Castalia ::   castalia (; ) , in greek mythology , was a nymph whom apollo transformed into a fountain at delphi , at the base of mount parnassos , or at mount helicon . 
Pollen ::   pollen is a fine to coarse powdery substance comprising pollen grains which are male microgametophytes of seed plants , which produce male gametes ( sperm cells ) . 
Elfstedentocht ::   the elfstedentocht (; west frisian : " alvestêdetocht " , english : " eleven cities tour " ) is a skating tour , almost long , which is held both as a speed skating competition ( with 300 contestants ) and a leisure tour ( with 16,000 skaters ) . 
Peering ::   in computer networking , peering is a voluntary interconnection of administratively separate internet networks for the purpose of exchanging traffic between the users of each network . 
Cinna ::   cinna was a " cognomen " that distinguished a patrician branch of the " gens cornelia " , particularly in the late roman republic . 
AIBO ::   aibo ( " artificial intelligence robot " , homonymous with , " pal " or " partner " in japanese ) is a series of robotic pets designed and manufactured by sony . 
Nice ::   nice ( , ; niçard , classical norm , or " " , nonstandard , ; ; ; ) is the fifth most populous city in france and the capital of the alpes - maritimes " département " . 
Eadwig ::   eadwig , also spelled edwy ( died 1 october 959 ) , usually called the all - fair , was king of england from 955 until his premature death in 959 . 
Phosgene ::   phosgene is the chemical compound with the formula cocl . 
Nederpop ::   nederpop is a dutch term that was invented by the mid-1970s to describe the dutch pop music scene of the 1960s and 1970s that was gaining worldwide attention , exemplified by bands such as shocking blue , golden earring and focus . 
Misanthropy ::   misanthropy is the general hatred , dislike , distrust or contempt of the human species or human nature . 
Ruddigore ::   ruddigore ; or , the witch 's curse , originally called ruddygore , is a comic opera in two acts , with music by arthur sullivan and libretto by w. s. gilbert . 
Monreale ::   monreale ( sicilian : murriali ) is a town and " comune " in the province of palermo , in sicily , italy . 
Lipari ::   lipari ( , , , " meligounis " or " lipara " ) is the largest of the aeolian islands in the tyrrhenian sea off the northern coast of sicily , southern italy ; it is also the name of the island 's main town and " comune " , which is administratively part of the metropolitan city of messina . 
Tindari ::   tindari ( ) , anciently tyndaris or tyndarion ( greek : , strab . ; , ptol . ) is a small town , former bishopric , " frazione " ( suburb or municipal component ) in the " comune " of patti and latin catholic titular see , in the metropolitan city of messina in northeastern sicily , between barcellona pozzo di gotto and cefalù . 
Tallangatta ::   tallangatta is a town in north - eastern victoria , australia . 
Weimar ::   weimar (; ) is a city in the federal state of thuringia , germany . 
UNICOS ::   unicos is the name of a range of unix - like operating system variants developed by cray for its supercomputers . 
Sponge ::   sponges , the members of the phylum porifera (; meaning " pore bearer " ) , are the sister of the parahoxozoa or epitheliozoa with which they form a basal animal clade , the parazoa . 
Pannonia ::   pannonia was an ancient province of the roman empire bounded north and east by the danube , coterminous westward with noricum and upper italy , and southward with dalmatia and upper moesia . 
Dalmatia ::   dalmatia ( , ; see names in other languages ) is one of the four historical regions of croatia , alongside croatia proper , slavonia , and istria . 
FastTrack ::   – fasttrack is a peer - to - peer ( p2p ) protocol that was used by the kazaa , grokster , imesh , and morpheus file sharing programs . 
Striptease ::   a striptease is an erotic or exotic dance in which the performer gradually undresses , either partly or completely , in a seductive and sexually suggestive manner . 
Perch ::   perch is a common name for fish of the genus perca , freshwater gamefish belonging to the family percidae . 
Trout ::   trout is the common name for a number of species of freshwater fish belonging to the genera " oncorhynchus " , " salmo " and " salvelinus " , all of the subfamily salmoninae of the family salmonidae . 
Mackerel ::   mackerel is a common name applied to a number of different species of pelagic fish , mostly , but not exclusively , from the family scombridae . 
Bluefish ::   the bluefish ( " pomatomus saltatrix " ) is the only extant species of the family pomatomidae . 
Catfish ::   catfish ( or catfishes ; order siluriformes or nematognathi ) are a diverse group of ray - finned fish . 
Micropterus ::   micropterus is a genus of freshwater fish in the sunfish family ( family centrarchidae ) of order perciformes . 
Hake ::   the term hake refers to fish in either of : hake is in the same taxonomic order ( gadiformes ) as cod and haddock . 
Alberobello ::   alberobello (; literally " beautiful tree " ) is a small town and " comune " of the metropolitan city of bari , apulia , southern italy . 
Brooklyn ::   brooklyn ( ) is the most populous borough of new york city , with a census - estimated 2,629,150 residents in 2016 . 
Æthelflæd ::   æthelflæd , lady of the mercians ( 870 - 12 june 918 ) ruled mercia in the english midlands from 911 until her death . 
Orchestration ::   orchestration is the study or practice of writing music for an orchestra ( or , more loosely , for any musical ensemble , such as a concert band ) or of adapting music composed for another medium for an orchestra . 
Instrumentation ::   instrumentation is a collective term for measuring instruments used for indicating , measuring and recording physical quantities , and has its origins in the art and science of scientific instrument - making . 
Atlas ::   an atlas is a collection of maps ; it is typically a bundle of maps of earth or a region of earth , but there are atlases of the other planets ( and their satellites ) in the solar system . 
Chessboard ::   a chessboard is the type of checkerboard used in the board game chess , consisting of 64 squares ( eight rows and eight columns ) . 
Stratosphere ::   the stratosphere ( ) is the second major layer of earth 's atmosphere , just above the troposphere , and below the mesosphere . 
Mesosphere ::   the mesosphere (; from greek " mesos " " middle " and " sphaira " " sphere " ) is the layer of the earth 's atmosphere that is directly above the stratosphere and directly below the mesopause . 
Thermosphere ::   the thermosphere is the layer of the earth 's atmosphere directly above the mesosphere . 
Aten ::   aten ( also aton , egyptian " jtn " ) is the disk of the sun in ancient egyptian mythology , and originally an aspect of the god ra . 
Mesopause ::   the mesopause is the temperature minimum at the boundary between the mesosphere and the thermosphere atmospheric regions . 
Aperture ::   in optics , an aperture is a hole or an opening through which light travels . 
Altimeter ::   an altimeter or an altitude meter is an instrument used to measure the altitude of an object above a fixed level . 
Aquifer ::   an aquifer is an underground layer of water - bearing permeable rock , rock fractures or unconsolidated materials ( gravel , sand , or silt ) from which water can be extracted using a water well . 
Atoll ::   an atoll ( , , , , or ) , sometimes called a coral atoll , is a ring - shaped coral reef including a coral rim that encircles a lagoon partially or completely . 
Azimuth ::   an azimuth ( ) ( from the pl . form of the arabic noun " السَّمْت " " as - samt " , meaning " the direction " ) is an angular measurement in a spherical coordinate system . 
Barometer ::   a barometer is a scientific instrument used in meteorology to measure atmospheric pressure . 
Biodegradation ::   biodegradation is the disintegration of materials by bacteria , fungi , or other biological means . 
Calibration ::   calibration in measurement technology and metrology is the comparison of measurement values delivered by a device under test with those of a calibration standard of known accuracy . 
Cloud ::   in meteorology , a cloud is an aerosol comprising a visible mass of minute liquid droplets , frozen crystals , or particles suspended in the atmosphere above the surface of a planetary body . 
Coccolithophore ::   a coccolithophore ( or coccolithophorid , from the adjective ) is a unicellular , eukaryotic phytoplankton ( alga ) . 
Condensation ::   condensation is the change of the physical state of matter from gas phase into liquid phase , and is the reverse of evaporation . 
Contrail ::   contrails (; short for " condensation trails " ) are line - shaped clouds produced by aircraft engine exhaust , typically at aircraft cruise altitudes several miles above the earth 's surface . 
Convection ::   convection is the heat transfer due to bulk movement of molecules within fluids such as gases and liquids , including molten rock ( rheid ) . 
Cryosphere ::   the cryosphere ( from the greek " kryos " , " cold " , " frost " or " ice " and " sphaira " , " globe , ball " ) is those portions of earth 's surface where water is in solid form , including sea ice , lake ice , river ice , snow cover , glaciers , ice caps , ice sheets , and frozen ground ( which includes permafrost ) . 
Haptophyte ::   the haptophytes , classified either as the haptophyta , haptophytina or prymnesiophyta ( named for " prymnesium " ) , are a clade of algae . 
Idiom ::   an idiom ( , " special property " , from , " special feature , special phrasing , a peculiarity " , f. , " one 's own " ) is a phrase or an expression that has a figurative , or sometimes literal , meaning . categorized as formulaic language 
Redfish ::   redfish is a common name for several species of fish . 
Weakfish ::   the weakfish , " cynoscion regalis " , is a marine fish of the drum family sciaenidae . 
Muskellunge ::   the muskellunge " ( esox masquinongy ) " , also known as muskelunge , muscallonge , milliganong , or maskinonge ( and often abbreviated " muskie " or " musky " ) , is a species of large , relatively uncommon freshwater fish native to north america . 
Pollock ::   pollock ( alternatively and more commonly among anglers spelled " pollack " ; pronounced ) is the common name used for either of the two species of north atlantic marine fish in the genus pollachius . " 
Blackfish ::   blackfish is a common name of fish . 
Neurosis ::   neurosis is a class of functional mental disorders involving chronic distress but neither delusions nor hallucinations . 
Waveform ::   a waveform is the shape and form of a signal such as a wave moving in a physical medium or an abstract representation . 
Manchuria ::   manchuria ( ) was a name first used in the 17th century by chinese people to refer to a large geographic region in northeast asia . 
Hexactinellid ::   hexactinellid sponges are sponges with a skeleton made of four- and/or six - pointed siliceous spicules , often referred to as glass sponges . 
Caernarfon ::   caernarfon (; ) is a royal town , community , and port in gwynedd , wales , with a population of 9,615 . 
Bomb ::   a bomb is an explosive weapon that uses the exothermic reaction of an explosive material to provide an extremely sudden and violent release of energy . 
Atil ::   atil (; cf . " a - de shui " ) , literally meaning " big river " , was the capital of khazaria from the middle of the 8th century until the end of the 10th century . 
Paella ::   paella ( or , ; english approximation : or ) is a valencian rice dish . 
Khazaran ::   khazaran was a city in the khazar kingdom , located on the eastern bank of the lower volga river . 
Falles ::   the falles ( , sing . " falla " ; ) is a traditional celebration held in commemoration of saint joseph in the city of valencia , spain . 
Kerch ::   kerch ( , , old east slavic : кърчевъ , ancient greek : " pantikapaion " , , ) is a city of regional significance on the kerch peninsula in the east of the crimea . 
Castling ::   castling is a move in the game of chess involving a player 's king and either of the player 's original rooks . 
Hippie ::   a hippie ( or hippy ) is a member of a counterculture , originally a youth movement that started in the united states during the mid-1960s and spread to other countries around the world . 
Reproducibility ::   reproducibility is the ability to get the same research results using the raw data and computer programs provided by the researchers . 
Kamov ::   kamov ( ) is a russian rotorcraft manufacturing company , founded by nikolai ilyich kamov , who started building his first rotary - winged aircraft in 1929 , together with n. k. skrzhinskii . 
Aérospatiale ::   aérospatiale ( ) , sometimes styled aerospatiale , was a french state - owned aerospace manufacturer that built both civilian and military aircraft , rockets and satellites . 
Espresso ::   espresso ( , ) is coffee brewed by forcing a small amount of nearly boiling water under pressure through finely ground coffee beans . 
Perkele ::   perkele ( ) means devil in modern finnish and is used as a rude profanity . 
Antonov ::   antonov state company ( ) , formerly the antonov aeronautical scientific - technical complex ( antonov astc ) ( ) , and earlier the antonov design bureau , was a soviet , and later a ukrainian aircraft manufacturing and services company . 
Beriev ::   the beriev aircraft company ( ) , formerly beriev design bureau , is a russian aircraft manufacturer ( design office prefix be ) , specializing in amphibious aircraft . 
Aermacchi ::   aermacchi was an italian aircraft manufacturer . 
Timecode ::   a timecode ( alternatively , time code ) is a sequence of numeric codes generated at regular intervals by a timing synchronization system . 
Coral ::   corals are marine invertebrates in the class anthozoa of phylum cnidaria . 
Torture ::   torture ( from the latin " tortus " , " twisted " ) is the act of deliberately inflicting physical or psychological pain in order to fulfill some desire of the torturer or compel some action from the victim . 
Feyenoord ::   feyenoord rotterdam ( ) is a dutch professional football club based in rotterdam , playing in the eredivisie . 
FreeCell ::   freecell is a solitaire - based card game played with a 52-card standard deck . 
Flagstaff ::   a flagstaff is a staff for displaying a flag ; see flagpole . 
Coulomb ::   the coulomb ( symbol : c ) is the international system of units ( si ) unit of electric charge . 
Dicaearchus ::   dicaearchus of messana (; " dikaiarkhos " ; c. 350 – c. 285 bc ) , also written dicearchus or dicearch ( ) , was a greek philosopher , cartographer , geographer , mathematician and author . 
Chhattisgarh ::   chhattisgarh ( , translation : " thirty - six forts " ) is one of the 29 states of india , located in the centre - east of the country . 
Gloucestershire ::   gloucestershire ( , ; formerly abbreviated as gloucs . in print but now often as glos . ) is a county in south west england . 
Hitchhiking ::   hitchhiking ( also known as thumbing , hitching , or autostop ) is a means of transportation that is gained by asking people , usually strangers , for a ride in their automobile or other vehicle . 
Maclisp ::   maclisp ( or maclisp , sometimes styled maclisp or maclisp ) is a dialect of the lisp programming language . 
Pohnpei ::   pohnpei " upon ( " pohn " ) a stone altar ( " pei " ) " ( formerly known as ponape ) is an island of the senyavin islands which are part of the larger caroline islands group . 
Białystok ::   białystok (; ; , , , " byalistok " ) is the largest city in northeastern poland and the capital of the podlaskie voivodeship . 
Martian ::   a martian is a native inhabitant of the planet mars . 
Patience ::   patience ( or forbearing ) is the state of endurance under difficult circumstances , which can mean : persevering in the face of delay ; provocation without acting on negative annoyance / anger ; or exhibiting forbearance when under strain , especially when faced with longer - term difficulties . 
Trogon ::   the trogons and quetzals are birds in the order trogoniformes which contains only one family , the trogonidae . 
Averroes ::   ibn rushd (; 14 april 1126 – 10 december 1198 ) , full name ( ) , often latinized as averroes ( ) , was a medieval andalusian polymath . 
Roguelike ::   roguelike is a term used to describe a subgenre of role - playing video games that are characterized by a dungeon crawl through procedurally generated game levels , turn - based gameplay , tile - based graphics , and permanent death of the player - character . 
Augur ::   the augur was a priest and official in the classical roman world . 
Upload ::   in computer networks , to upload is to send data to a remote system such as a server or another client so that the remote system can store a copy . 
Kolkata ::   kolkata is the capital of the indian state of west bengal . 
Zealand ::   zealand ( , ) , at 7,031   km , is the largest ( except greenland ) and most populated island in denmark with a population of 2,287,740 ( 39.8% of denmark 's total as of january 2017 ) . 
Determinism ::   determinism is the philosophical position that for every event there exist conditions that could cause no other event . 
Bhopal ::   bhopal (; ) is the capital of the indian state of madhya pradesh and the administrative headquarters of bhopal district and bhopal division . 
Pyongyang ::   pyongyang (; ) is the capital and largest city of the democratic people ’s republic of korea ( commonly known as north korea ) . 
Authentication ::   authentication ( from " authentikos " , " real , genuine " , from αὐθέντης " authentes " , " author " ) is the act of confirming the truth of an attribute of a single piece of data claimed true by an entity . 
Earthling ::   earthling , a term identifying inhabitants of the planet earth , is commonly used in science fiction to contrast earth - born organisms and characters , whose ethnicity or nationality diaspora originated on earth , with extraterrestrials . 
UGB ::   ugb may mean : 
Schema ::   the word schema comes from the greek word ( ' ) , which means " shape " , or more generally , " plan " . 
Relativism ::   relativism is the idea that views are relative to differences in perception and consideration . 
Syllogism ::   a syllogism ( " syllogismos " , " conclusion , inference " ) is a kind of logical argument that applies deductive reasoning to arrive at a conclusion based on two or more propositions that are asserted or assumed to be true . 
Engrish ::   engrish (; " ingurisshu " , ) is a slang term for the misuse or corruption of the english language by native speakers of asian languages . 
Polder ::   a polder ( ) is a low - lying tract of land enclosed by dikes that forms an artificial hydrological entity , meaning it has no connection with outside water other than through manually operated devices . 
Essentialism ::   essentialism is the view that every entity has a set of attributes that are necessary to its identity and function . 
Embarazada ::   embarazada ( ) is the spanish word for pregnant . 
Visby ::   visby is a locality and the seat of gotland municipality in gotland county , on the island of gotland , sweden with 23,880 inhabitants , . 
Locri ::   locri is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of reggio calabria , calabria , southern italy . 
Miffy ::   miffy ( , pronounced ) is a small female rabbit in a series of picture books drawn and written by dutch artist dick bruna . 
Alsace ::   alsace ( , ; alsatian : " ’s elsass " ; german : " elsass " ; ) is a cultural and historical region in eastern france now located in the administrative region of grand est . 
Hare ::   hares and jackrabbits are leporids belonging to the genus " lepus " . 
Berbers ::   berbers or amazighs ( " imaziɣen " ; singular : ⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵖ " amaziɣ " / " amazigh " ) are an ethnic group indigenous to north africa . 
Temple ::   a temple ( from the latin word ) is a structure reserved for religious or spiritual rituals and activities such as prayer and sacrifice . 
Microcomputer ::   a microcomputer is a small , relatively inexpensive computer with a microprocessor as its central processing unit ( cpu ) . 
Bebop ::   bebop or bop is a style of jazz developed in the early to mid-1940s in the united states , which features songs characterized by a fast tempo , complex chord progressions with rapid chord changes and numerous changes of key , instrumental virtuosity , and improvisation based on a combination of harmonic structure , the use of scales and occasional references to the melody . 
PINO ::   the open pino platform ( or just pino ) is an open humanoid robot platform , with its mechanical and software design covered by the gnu free documentation license and gnu general public license respectively . 
Surrey ::   surrey is a county in the south east england and is one of the home counties . 
Lime ::   lime primarily refers to : lime may also refer to : 
Commodity ::   in economics , a commodity is a marketable item produced to satisfy wants or needs . 
Vaudeville ::   vaudeville (; ) is a theatrical genre of variety entertainment . 
Canterbury ::   canterbury ( , , or ) is a historic english cathedral city and unesco world heritage site , which lies at the heart of the city of canterbury , a local government district of kent , england . 
Ilyushin ::   open joint stock company ilyushin aviation complex , operating as ilyushin ( ilyushin ) ( ) or ilyushin design bureau , is a russian aircraft manufacturer and design bureau , founded by sergey vladimirovich ilyushin . 
Marburg ::   marburg is a university town in the german federal state ( " bundesland " ) of hesse , capital of the marburg - biedenkopf district ( " landkreis " ) . 
Lagomorpha ::   the lagomorphs are the members of the taxonomic order lagomorpha , of which there are two living families : the leporidae ( hares and rabbits ) and the ochotonidae ( pikas ) . 
Retina ::   the retina ( , , pl . 
Electrolyte ::   an electrolyte is a substance that produces an electrically conducting solution when dissolved in a polar solvent , such as water . 
Caterpillar ::   caterpillars are the larval stage of members of the order lepidoptera ( the insect order comprising butterflies and moths ) . 
Butterfly ::   butterflies are insects in the macrolepidopteran clade rhopalocera from the order lepidoptera , which also includes moths . 
Parachute ::   a parachute is a device used to slow the motion of an object through an atmosphere by creating drag ( or in the case of ram - air parachutes , aerodynamic lift ) . 
Pesticide ::   pesticides are substances that are meant to control pests or weeds . 
ROT13 ::   rot13 ( " rotate by 13 places " , sometimes hyphenated rot-13 ) is a simple letter substitution cipher that replaces a letter with the letter 13 letters after it in the alphabet . 
Polyurethane ::   [ [ file : polyurethane.png|thumb|right|360px|polyurethane synthesis , wherein the urethane groups –nh–(c = o)–o– link the molecular units . 
Phenytoin ::   phenytoin ( pht ) , sold under the brand name dilantin among others , is an anti - seizure medication . 
Isocyanate ::   isocyanate is the functional group with the formula r– 
Mitsubishi ::   the is a group of autonomous japanese multinational companies in a variety of industries . 
Lycia ::   lycia ( lycian : 𐊗𐊕𐊐𐊎𐊆𐊖 " trm̃mis " ; " lykia " , ) was a geopolitical region in anatolia in what are now the provinces of antalya and muğla on the southern coast of turkey , and burdur province inland . 
Myra ::   myra ( ) was an ancient greek town in lycia where the small town of kale ( " demre " ) is today , in the present - day antalya province of turkey . 
Sucralose ::   sucralose is an artificial sweetener and sugar substitute . 
Splenda ::   splenda is the commercial name and registered trademark of a sucralose - based artificial sweetener owned by the american company heartland food products group and manufactured by the british company tate & lyle . 
Provence ::   provence (; ; provençal : " provença " in classical norm or " prouvènço " in mistralian norm , ) is a geographical region and historical province of southeastern france , which extends from the left bank of the lower rhône river to the west to the italian border to the east , and is bordered by the mediterranean sea to the south . 
Antelope ::   an antelope is a member of a number of even - toed ungulate species indigenous to various regions in africa and eurasia . 
Highway ::   a highway is any public road or other public way on land . 
Sloop ::   a sloop ( from dutch " sloep " , in turn from french " chaloupe " ) is a sailing boat with a single mast and a fore - and - aft rig . 
Transister ::   transister was an alternative rock band , formed in late 1995 in los angeles , by music industry veterans from both the united states and the united kingdom . 
Dopamine ::   dopamine ( da , a contraction of 3,4-dihydroxyphenethylamine ) is an organic chemical of the catecholamine and phenethylamine families that plays several important roles in the brain and body . 
Archbishop ::   in christianity , an archbishop ( , via latin " archiepiscopus " , from greek , from - , " chief " , and , " bishop " ) is a bishop of higher rank or office . 
Synagogue ::   a synagogue , also spelled synagog ( pronounced ; from greek , ' , ' assembly ' , ' , ' house of assembly ' or ' , " house of prayer " , shul , ' or " ") , is a jewish house of prayer . 
Ecovillage ::   ecovillages are traditional or intentional communities whose goal is to become more socially , culturally , economically and ecologically sustainable . 
Æthelwulf ::   æthelwulf ( old english for " noble wolf " ; died 13 january 858 ) was king of wessex from 839 to 858 . 
The ::   the is a grammatical article in english , denoting person(s ) or thing(s ) already mentioned , under discussion , implied , or otherwise presumed familiar to listeners or readers . 
ArtCyclopedia ::   artcyclopedia is an online database of museum - quality fine art founded by canadian john malyon . 
Martyr ::   a martyr ( greek : μάρτυς , " mártys " , " witness " ; stem μάρτυρ- , " mártyr- " ) is someone who suffers persecution and death for advocating , renouncing , refusing to renounce , or refusing to advocate a belief or cause as demanded by an external party . 
Furniture ::   furniture refers to movable objects intended to support various human activities such as seating ( e.g. , chairs , stools , and sofas ) , eating ( tables ) , and sleeping ( e.g. , beds ) . 
Sendmail ::   sendmail is a general purpose internetwork email routing facility that supports many kinds of mail - transfer and delivery methods , including the simple mail transfer protocol ( smtp ) used for email transport over the internet . 
Wimbledon ::   wimbledon usually refers to : wimbledon also refer to : 
Fritigern ::   fritigern or fritigernus ( died ca . 
Statistician ::   a statistician is someone who works with theoretical or applied statistics . 
Perlite ::   perlite is an amorphous volcanic glass that has a relatively high water content , typically formed by the hydration of obsidian . 
Turku ::   turku (; ) is a city on the southwest coast of finland at the mouth of the aura river , in the region of southwest finland . 
Mahātmā ::   mahatma ( ) is sanskrit for " great soul " ( महात्मा " mahātmā " : महा " mahā " ( great ) + आत्मं or आत्मन " ātman " [ soul ] ) . 
Merostomata ::   merostomata is a class of chelicerate arthropods that contains the extinct eurypterida ( sea scorpions ) and the extant xiphosura ( horseshoe crabs ) . 
Caratacus ::   caratacus ( brythonic " * caratācos " , middle welsh " caratawc " ; welsh " caradog " ; breton " karadeg " ; greek " καράτακος " ; variants latin " caractacus " , greek " καρτάκης " ) was a first - century british chieftain of the catuvellauni tribe , who led the british resistance to the roman conquest . 
Neo-fascism ::   neo - fascism is a post – world war ii ideology that includes significant elements of fascism . 
Denazification ::   denazification ( ) was an allied initiative to rid german and austrian society , culture , press , economy , judiciary , and politics of any remnants of the national socialist ideology ( nazism ) . 
Tocantins ::   tocantins ( ) is one of the states of brazil . 
Lance ::   the lance is a pole weapon or spear designed to be used by a mounted warrior or cavalry soldier ( lancer ) . 
Halberd ::   a halberd ( also called halbard , halbert or swiss voulge ) is a two - handed pole weapon that came to prominent use during the 14th and 15th centuries . 
Polyvinylpyrrolidone ::   polyvinylpyrrolidone ( pvp ) , also commonly called polyvidone or povidone , is a water - soluble polymer made from the monomer " n "- vinylpyrrolidone : pvp was used as a plasma volume expander for trauma victims after the 1950s . 
Pathology ::   pathology ( from the greek roots of " pathos " ( ) , meaning " experience " or " suffering " , and " -logia " ( ) , " study of " ) is a significant component of the causal study of disease and a major field in modern medicine and diagnosis . 
Aerobot ::   an aerobot is an aerial robot , usually used in the context of an unmanned space probe or unmanned aerial vehicle . 
Malabo ::   malabo ( formerly santa isabel ) is the capital of equatorial guinea and the province of bioko norte . 
Wittenberg ::   wittenberg , officially lutherstadt wittenberg , is a town in saxony - anhalt , germany . 
Kava ::   kava or kava - kava ( " piper methysticum " : latin " pepper " + latinized greek " intoxicating " ) is a crop of the western pacific . the name " kava(-kava ) " is from tongan and marquesan ; other names for kava include " ʻawa " ( hawaiʻi ) , " ʻava " ( samoa ) , " yaqona " ( fiji ) , " sakau " ( pohnpei ) , and " malok " or " malogu " ( parts of vanuatu ) . 
Reims ::   reims (; also spelled rheims ; ) , a city in the grand est region of france , lies east - northeast of paris . 
Deflation ::   in economics , deflation is a decrease in the general price level of goods and services . 
Quillback ::   the quillback ( " carpiodes cyprinus " ) is a type of freshwater fish of the sucker family . 
Walleye ::   walleye ( " sander vitreus " , synonym " stizostedion vitreum " ) is a freshwater perciform fish native to most of canada and to the northern united states . 
Percidae ::   the percidae are a family of perciform fish found in fresh and brackish waters of the northern hemisphere . 
Centrarchidae ::   the sunfish are a family ( centrarchidae ) of freshwater ray - finned fish belonging to the order perciformes . 
Gadidae ::   the gadidae are a family of marine fish , included in the order gadiformes , known as the cods , codfishes or true cods . 
Gadiformes ::   gadiformes are an order of ray - finned fish , also called the anacanthini , that includes the cod and its allies . 
Sciaenidae ::   the sciaenidae are a family of fish commonly called drums or croakers in reference to the repetitive throbbing or drumming sounds they make . 
Sparidae ::   the sparidae are a family of fish in the order perciformes , commonly called sea breams and porgies . 
Clupeiformes ::   clupeiformes is the order of ray - finned fish that includes the herring family , clupeidae , and the anchovy family , engraulidae . 
Clupeidae ::   clupeidae is a family of ray - finned fishes , comprising , for instance , the herrings , shads , sardines , hilsa , and menhadens . 
Scombridae ::   the scombridae family of the mackerels , tunas , and bonitos includes many of the most important and familiar food fishes . 
Serranidae ::   the serranidae are a large family of fishes belonging to the order perciformes . 
Salmonidae ::   salmonidae is a family of ray - finned fish , the only living family currently placed in the order salmoniformes . 
Esociformes ::   the esociformes are a small order of ray - finned fish , with two families , the umbridae ( mudminnows ) and the esocidae ( pikes ) . 
Sculpin ::   a sculpin is a type of fish that belongs to the superfamily cottoidea in the order scorpaeniformes . 
Scorpaeniformes ::   the scorpaeniformes are a diverse order of ray - finned fish , but have also been called the scleroparei . 
Lyrebird ::   a lyrebird is either of two species of ground - dwelling australian birds that compose the genus menura , and the family menuridae . 
Nucleosynthesis ::   nucleosynthesis is the process that creates new atomic nuclei from pre - existing nucleons , primarily protons and neutrons . 
Zenith ::   the zenith is an imaginary point directly " above " a particular location , on the imaginary celestial sphere . " 
Horizon ::   the horizon or skyline is the apparent line that separates earth from sky , the line that divides all visible directions into two categories : those that intersect the earth 's surface , and those that do not . 
Dressage ::   dressage ( or ; a french term , most commonly translated to mean " training " ) is a highly skilled form of riding performed in exhibition and competition , as well as an " art " sometimes pursued solely for the sake of mastery . 
Eventing ::   eventing ( also known as horse trials ) is an equestrian event where a single horse and rider combination compete against other combinations across the three disciplines of dressage , cross - country , and show jumping . 
Lobbying ::   lobbying , persuasion , or interest representation is the act of attempting to influence the actions , policies , or decisions of officials in their daily life , most often legislators or members of regulatory agencies . 
Graz ::   graz ( ) is the capital of styria and the second - largest city in austria after vienna . 
Amblyopsidae ::   the amblyopsidae are a fish family commonly referred to as cavefish , blindfish , or swampfish . 
Merlucciidae ::   merlucciidae are a family of cod - like fish , including most hakes . 
Characiformes ::   characiformes is an order of ray - finned fish , comprising the characins and their allies . grouped in 18 recognized families , there are more than two thousand different species , including the well - known piranha and tetras . 
Guanxi ::   guanxi ( ) describes the basic dynamic in personalized networks of influence ( which can be best described as the relationships individuals cultivate with other individuals ) and is a central idea in chinese society . 
Characidae ::   characidae , the characids or characins is a family of freshwater subtropical and tropical fish , belonging to the order characiformes . 
Cladogram ::   a cladogram ( from greek " clados " " branch " and " gramma " " character " ) is a diagram used in cladistics to show relations among organisms . 
Basidiomycota ::   basidiomycota ( ) is one of two large divisions that , together with the ascomycota , constitute the subkingdom dikarya ( often referred to as the " higher fungi " ) within the kingdom fungi . 
Ascomycota ::   ascomycota is a division or phylum of the kingdom fungi that , together with the basidiomycota , form the subkingdom dikarya . 
Propulsion ::   propulsion means to push forward or drive an object forward . 
Epigenetics ::   epigenetics is the study of heritable changes in gene function that do not involve changes in the dna sequence . 
Hereford ::   hereford ( ) is a cathedral city , civil parish and county town of herefordshire , england . 
Bokononism ::   bokononism ( ) is a fictitious religion invented by kurt vonnegut and practiced by many of the characters in his novel " cat 's cradle " . 
Airco ::   the aircraft manufacturing company limited ( airco ) was a british aircraft manufacturer operating from 1912 to 1920 . 
Oceanus ::   oceanus (; " ōkeanós " , ) , also known as ogenus ( " ogenos " , ωγηνος ) or ogen ( ωγην ) , was a divine figure in classical antiquity , believed by the ancient greeks and romans to be the divine personification of the sea , an enormous river encircling the world . 
Supermodel ::   a supermodel ( also spelled super - model and super model ) is a highly paid fashion model who usually has a worldwide reputation and often a background in haute couture and commercial modeling . 
Libanius ::   libanius ( , " libanios " ; c. 314 – 392 or 393 ) was a greek teacher of rhetoric of the sophist school . 
Potsdam ::   potsdam ( ) is the capital and largest city of the german federal state of brandenburg . 
Rouen ::   rouen (; frankish : " rodomo " ; ) is a city on the river seine in the north of france . 
Solothurn ::   solothurn ( ; ; ; ) is a town , a municipality , and the capital of the canton of solothurn in switzerland . 
Regensburg ::   regensburg (; ; ; ; older english : " ratisbon " ) is a city in south - east germany , situated at the confluence of the danube , naab and regen rivers . 
Carthusians ::   the carthusian order ( ) , also called the order of saint bruno , is a catholic religious order of enclosed monastics . 
Marathon ::   the marathon is a long - distance running race with an official distance of 42.195 kilometres ( 26.219 miles , or 26 miles 385 yards ) , usually run as a road race . 
Decentralization ::   decentralization is the process of distributing or dispersing functions , powers , people or things away from a central location or authority . 
Wuppertal ::   wuppertal ( ) is a city in north rhine - westphalia , germany , in and around the wupper valley , east of düsseldorf and south of the ruhr . 
Hallucination ::   a hallucination is a perception in the absence of external stimulus that has qualities of real perception . 
Penelope ::   in homer 's " odyssey " , penelope ( ; ) is the wife of odysseus , who is known for her fidelity to odysseus while he was absent , despite having many suitors . 
Reductionism ::   reductionism refers to several related philosophical ideas regarding the associations between phenomena which can be described in terms of other phenomena , the latter of which are considered in some manner simpler or more fundamental . 
Biplane ::   a biplane is a fixed - wing aircraft with two main wings stacked one above the other . 
Carburetor ::   a carburetor ( american english ) or carburettor ( british english ; see spelling differences ) is a device that blends air and fuel for an internal combustion engine in the proper ratio for combustion . 
Clef ::   a clef ( from french : " clef " " key " ) is a musical symbol used to indicate the pitch of written notes . 
NaN ::   in computing , nan , standing for not a number , is a numeric data type value representing an undefined or unrepresentable value , especially in floating - point calculations . 
Dili ::   dili ( portuguese / tetum : " díli " , indonesian : " kota dili " ) is the capital , largest city , chief port and commercial centre of timor - leste ( east timor ) . 
Hydronium ::   in chemistry , hydronium is the common name for the aqueous cation , the type of oxonium ion produced by protonation of water . 
Methylchloroisothiazolinone ::   methylchloroisothiazolinone ( 5-chloro-2-methyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one ) , also referred to as mci , is a preservative with antibacterial and antifungal effects within the group of isothiazolinones . 
Ripeness ::   in united states law , ripeness refers to the readiness of a case for litigation ; " a claim is not ripe for adjudication if it rests upon contingent future events that may not occur as anticipated , or indeed may not occur at all . " 
Mootness ::   in law , the terms moot and mootness have different meanings in british english and american english . 
Houyhnhnm ::   houyhnhnms are a race of intelligent horses described in the last part of jonathan swift 's satirical " gulliver 's travels " . 
KStars ::   kstars is a planetarium program using the kde platform . 
Spellevator ::   spellevator is an educational computer game for the apple ii computer , published by mecc ( now part of mattel 's the learning company ) . 
Patchwork ::   patchwork or " pieced work " is a form of needlework that involves sewing together pieces of fabric into a larger design . 
Needlework ::   needlework is decorative sewing and textile arts handicrafts . 
Larynx ::   the larynx (; plural larynges ; from the greek λάρυγξ " lárynx " ) , commonly called the voice box , is an organ in the neck of tetrapods involved in breathing , sound production , and protecting the trachea against food aspiration . 
Window ::   a window is an opening in a wall , door , roof or vehicle that allows the passage of light , sound , and air . 
Hall ::   in architecture , a hall is a relatively large space enclosed by a roof and walls . 
Closet ::   a closet ( especially in north american usage ) is an enclosed space , a cabinet , or a cupboard in a house or building used for general storage or hanging or storing clothes . 
Kitchen ::   a kitchen is a room or part of a room used for cooking and food preparation in a dwelling or in a commercial establishment . 
Extinction ::   in biology and ecology , extinction is the end of an organism or of a group of organisms ( taxon ) , normally a species . 
MidasWWW ::   midaswww is one of the earliest ( now discontinued ) web browsers , developed at the stanford linear accelerator center ( slac ) . 
CMOS ::   complementary metal – oxide – semiconductor , abbreviated as cmos , is a technology for constructing integrated circuits . 
Horus ::   horus is one of the most significant ancient egyptian deities . 
Seth ::   seth ( hebrew : , " se̞ṭ " , " šēṯ " ; " shīth " شِيث ; ; " placed ; appointed " ; [ " sé : th " ] ) , in judaism , christianity , mandaeism , and islam , was the third son of adam and eve and brother of cain and abel , who were the only other of their children mentioned by name in the tanakh ( hebrew bible ) . 
Volatilisation ::   volatilization is the process whereby a dissolved sample is vaporised . 
Divisor ::   in mathematics , a divisor of an integer formula_1 , also called a factor of formula_1 , is an integer formula_3 that may be multiplied by some integer to produce formula_1 . 
Bayreuth ::   bayreuth (; ) is a medium - sized town in northern bavaria , germany , on the red main river in a valley between the franconian jura and the fichtelgebirge mountains . 
Jula ::   jula refers to : 
Hyperlink ::   in computing , a hyperlink , or simply a link , is a reference to data that the reader can directly follow either by clicking , tapping , or hovering . 
Savonlinna ::   savonlinna ( ) is a town and a municipality of ( ) inhabitants in the southeast of finland , in the heart of the saimaa lake region . 
Batholith ::   a batholith ( from greek " bathos " , depth + " lithos " , rock ) is a large mass of intrusive igneous rock ( also called plutonic rock ) that forms from cooled magma deep in the earth 's crust . 
Castle ::   a castle ( from ) is a type of fortified structure built in europe and the middle east during the middle ages by european nobility . 
Hooliganism ::   hooliganism is disruptive or unlawful behavior such as rioting , bullying , and vandalism , normally used for people that commit the act during a sporting event . 
Candiru ::   candiru ( english and portuguese or " candirú " in spanish ) , " vandellia cirrhosa " , also known as cañero , toothpick fish , or vampire fish , is a species of parasitic freshwater catfish in the family trichomycteridae native to the amazon basin where it is found in the countries of bolivia , brazil , colombia , ecuador and peru . 
Pigment ::   a pigment is a material that changes the color of reflected or transmitted light as the result of wavelength - selective absorption . 
Mantophasmatidae ::   mantophasmatidae is a family of carnivorous insects within the order notoptera , which was discovered in africa in 2001 . 
Colosseum ::   the colosseum or coliseum ( ) , also known as the flavian amphitheatre ( latin : " amphitheatrum flavium " ; italian : " anfiteatro flavio " or " colosseo " ) , is an oval amphitheatre in the centre of the city of rome , italy . 
Jargon ::   jargon is a type of language that is used in a particular context and may not be well understood outside that context . 
Menopause ::   menopause , also known as the climacteric , is the time in most women 's lives when menstrual periods stop permanently , and they are no longer able to bear children . 
Suspended ::   suspended : a cryogenic nightmare is an interactive fiction video game written by michael berlyn and published by infocom in 1983 . 
Sophist ::   a sophist ( , sophistes ) was a specific kind of teacher in ancient greece , in the fifth and fourth centuries bc . 
Aurora ::   an aurora ( plural : auroras ) , sometimes referred to as polar lights , northern lights ( " aurora borealis " ) or southern lights ( " aurora australis " ) , is a natural light display in the earth 's sky , predominantly seen in the high latitude ( arctic and antarctic ) regions . 
Newark ::   newark most commonly refers to : newark may also refer to : 
Pirelli ::   pirelli & c. s.p . 
Sequoia ::   sequoyah ( 1767–1843 ) was the inventor of the cherokee syllabary . 
Auster ::   auster aircraft limited was a british aircraft manufacturer from 1938 to 1961 . 
Handicraft ::   a handicraft , sometimes more precisely expressed as artisanal handicraft or handmade , is any of a wide variety of types of work where useful and decorative objects are made completely by hand or by using only simple tools . 
Sussex ::   sussex ( ) , from the old english " sūþsēaxe " ( south saxons ) , is a historic county in south east england corresponding roughly in area to the ancient kingdom of sussex . 
Havana ::   havana (; spanish : " la habana " , ) is the capital city , largest city , province , major port , and leading commercial center of cuba . 
Ballet ::   ballet ( ) is a type of performance dance that originated in the italian renaissance courts of the 15th century and later developed into a concert dance form in france and russia . 
Bern ::   the city of bern ( ) or berne (; ; ; bernese german : " bärn " ) is the de facto capital of switzerland , referred to by the swiss as their ( e.g. in german ) " bundesstadt , " or " federal city " . 
Lawrenceville ::   lawrenceville is the name of several places : 
Warren ::   warren often refers to : warren may also refer to : 
Microclimate ::   a microclimate is a local set of atmospheric conditions that differ from those in the surrounding areas , often with a slight difference but sometimes with a substantial one . 
Brighton ::   brighton is a seaside resort on the south coast of england . 
Avro ::   avro was a british aircraft manufacturer founded in 1910 whose designs include the avro 504 used as a trainer in the first world war , the avro lancaster , one of the pre - eminent bombers of the second world war , and the delta wing avro vulcan , a stalwart of the cold war . 
RealMedia ::   realmedia is a proprietary multimedia container format created by realnetworks . 
Laputa ::   laputa is a flying island described in the 1726 book " gulliver 's travels " by jonathan swift . 
Eucalyptus ::   eucalyptus l'héritier 1789 is a diverse genus of flowering trees and shrubs ( including a distinct group with a multiple - stem mallee growth habit ) in the myrtle family , myrtaceae . 
Herring ::   herring are forage fish , mostly belonging to the family clupeidae . 
Piety ::   in spiritual terminology , piety is a virtue that may include religious devotion , spirituality , or a mixture of both . 
Courage ::   courage ( also called bravery or valour ) is the choice and willingness to confront agony , pain , danger , uncertainty , or intimidation . 
Virtue ::   virtue ( , " arete " ) is moral excellence . 
Scoti ::   scoti or scotti is a latin name for the lrish first attested in the late 3rd century . 
Basel-Landschaft ::   the canton of basel - landschaft ( german : , ; informally : " baselland"/"baselbiet " , ) , is one of the 26 cantons of switzerland . 
Caracalla ::   caracalla (; latin : " marcus aurelius severus antoninus augustus " ; 4 april 188   – 8 april 217 ) , formally known as antoninus , was a roman emperor from ad 198 to 217 . 
Ukonline ::   ukonline was a " portal " website of the uk government linking to public sector information , and was originally called me.gov . 
Anarcho-syndicalism ::   anarcho - syndicalism ( also referred to as revolutionary syndicalism ) is a theory of anarchism that views revolutionary industrial unionism or syndicalism as a method for workers in capitalist society to gain control of an economy and , with that control , influence broader society . 
Theurgy ::   theurgy (; from greek θεουργία , " theourgia " ) describes the practice of rituals , sometimes seen as magical in nature , performed with the intention of invoking the action or evoking the presence of one or more gods , especially with the goal of achieving henosis ( uniting with the divine ) and perfecting oneself . 
Gododdin ::   the gododdin ( ) were a p - celtic speaking brittonic people of north - eastern britannia , the area known as the hen ogledd or old north ( modern south - east scotland and north - east england ) , in the sub - roman period . 
Prudence ::   prudence ( , contracted from meaning " seeing ahead , sagacity " ) is the ability to govern and discipline oneself by the use of reason . 
Lviv ::   lviv ( , ; , , ; german " lemberg " ; ; ; see also other names ) is the largest city in western ukraine and the seventh - largest city in the country overall , with a population of around 728,350 as of 2016 . 
Rosicrucianism ::   rosicrucianism was a cultural movement which arose in europe in the early 17th century after the publication of several texts which purported to announce the existence of a hitherto unknown esoteric order to the world and made seeking its knowledge attractive to many . 
Chrysoberyl ::   the mineral or gemstone chrysoberyl is an aluminate of beryllium with the formula bealo. the name chrysoberyl is derived from the greek words χρυσός " chrysos " and βήρυλλος " beryllos " , meaning " a gold - white spar " . 
Hope ::   hope is an optimistic attitude of mind that is based on an expectation of positive outcomes related to events and circumstances in one 's life or the world at large . 
Gift ::   a gift or a present is an item given to someone without the expectation of payment or return . 
Apostasy ::   apostasy (; " apostasia " , " a defection or revolt " ) is the formal disaffiliation from , or abandonment or renunciation of a religion by a person . 
Lust ::   lust is a strong emotion or feeling . 
Squat ::   the word squat , squatter or squatting can refer to : 
Rainforest ::   rainforests are forests characterized by high rainfall , with annual rainfall in the case of tropical rainforests between , and definitions varying by region for temperate rainforests . 
Celje ::   celje ( ) is the third - largest town in slovenia . 
Nord-Pas-de-Calais ::   nord - pas - de - calais ( , is a former administrative region of france . 
Beefalo ::   beefalo , also referred to as cattalo or the american hybrid , are a fertile hybrid offspring of domestic cattle ( " bos taurus " ) , usually a male in managed breeding programs , and the american bison ( " bison bison " ) , usually a female in managed breeding programs . 
Bitstream ::   a bitstream ( or bit stream ) , also known as binary sequence , is a sequence of bits . 
Journalist ::   a journalist is a person who collects , writes , or distributes news or other current information to the public . 
Zebu ::   a zebu ( , or ; " bos primigenius indicus " or " bos indicus " or " bos taurus indicus " ) , sometimes known as indicine cattle or humped cattle , is a species or subspecies of domestic cattle originating in south asia . 
Lille ::   lille (; ; ) is a city at the northern tip of france , in french flanders . 
Groningen ::   groningen (; gronings : " grunnen " ) is the main municipality as well as the capital city of the eponymous province in the netherlands . 
Autocracy ::   an autocracy is a system of government in which supreme power ( social and political ) is concentrated in the hands of one person , whose decisions are subject to neither external legal restraints nor regularized mechanisms of popular control ( except perhaps for the implicit threat of a coup d'état or mass insurrection ) . 
Cornett ::   the cornett , cornetto , or zink is an early wind instrument that dates from the medieval , renaissance and baroque periods , popular from 1500 to 1650 . 
Jellyfish ::   jellyfish or jellies are softbodied , free - swimming aquatic animals with a gelatinous umbrella - shaped bell and trailing tentacles . 
Mantua ::   mantua ( ; emilian and latin : " mantua " ) is a city and commune in lombardy , italy , and capital of the province of the same name . 
Pizzicato ::   pizzicato (; , translated as " pinched " , and sometimes roughly as " plucked " ) is a playing technique that involves plucking the strings of a string instrument . 
Porvoo ::   porvoo - borgå (; , in english sometimes written as porvo ) is a city and a municipality situated on the southern coast of finland approximately east of helsinki . 
Padua ::   padua ( or , ; ) is a city and " comune " in veneto , northern italy . 
Canaan ::   canaan (; northwest semitic : " " ; phoenician : 𐤊𐤍𐤏𐤍 ; biblical hebrew / masoretic : " ; ḵənā‘an " ) was a semitic - speaking region in the ancient near east during the late 2nd millennium bc . 
Codomain ::   in mathematics , the codomain or target set of a function is the set into which all of the output of the function is constrained to fall . 
Polari ::   polari ( or alternatively parlare , parlary , palare , palarie , palari ; from italian " " , " to talk " ) is a form of ca nt slang used in britain by some actors , circus and fairground showmen , professional wrestlers , merchant navy sailors , criminals , prostitutes , and the gay subculture . 
Utrecht ::   utrecht (; ) is a dutch city and municipality , capital and most populous city of the province of utrecht . 
Fructose ::   fructose , or fruit sugar , is a simple ketonic monosaccharide found in many plants , where it is often bonded to glucose to form the disaccharide sucrose . 
's-Hertogenbosch ::   ' s - hertogenbosch ( , literally " the duke 's forest " in english , and historically in french : bois - le - duc ) , colloquially known as den bosch ( , literally " the forest " in english ) , is a city and municipality in the southern netherlands . 
Rauni ::   rauni may mean : 
Frontier ::   a frontier is the political and geographical area near or beyond a boundary . 
Larva ::   a larva ( plural : " larvae " ) is a distinct juvenile form many animals undergo before metamorphosis into adults . 
Dragonflight ::   dragonflight is a science fiction novel by the american - irish author anne mccaffrey . 
Containerization ::   containerization is a system of intermodal freight transport using intermodal containers ( also called shipping containers and iso containers ) . 
Cerebellum ::   the cerebellum ( latin for " little brain " ) is a major feature of the hindbrain of all vertebrates . 
Kiss ::   a kiss is the touch or pressing of one 's lips against another person or an object . 
Clergy ::   clergy are some of the main and important formal leaders within certain religions . 
Cistercians ::   a cistercian is a member of the cistercian order ( , abbreviated as ocist or socist ( ) , a religious order of monks and nuns . 
Lancashire ::   lancashire ( , ; archaically the county palatine of lancaster ; abbreviated lancs . ) is a non - metropolitan ceremonial county in north west england . 
Leishmania ::   leishmania is a genus of trypanosomes that are responsible for the disease leishmaniasis . 
Garlic ::   garlic ( scientific name allium sativum ) is a species in the onion genus , " allium " . 
Gargoyle ::   in architecture , a gargoyle ( ) is a carved or formed grotesque with a spout designed to convey water from a roof and away from the side of a building , thereby preventing rainwater from running down masonry walls and eroding the mortar between . 
Flood ::   a flood is an overflow of water that submerges land that is usually dry . 
Goose ::   geese are waterfowl of the family anatidae . 
Debugger ::   a debugger or debugging tool is a computer program that is used to test and debug other programs ( the " target " program ) . 
Cherokee ::   the cherokee (; or ) are an indigenous people of the southeastern woodlands . 
Mule ::   a mule is the offspring of a male donkey ( jack ) and a female horse ( mare ) . 
Kilometre ::   the kilometre ( international spelling as used by the international bureau of weights and measures ; si symbol : km ; or ) or kilometer ( american spelling ) is a unit of length in the metric system , equal to one thousand metres ( kilo- being the si prefix for ) . 
Melanin ::   melanin (; from " melas " , " black , dark " ) is a broad term for a group of natural pigments found in most organisms . 
Akkadian ::   akkadian ( " akkadû " , ak - ka - du - u ; logogram : uri ) is an extinct east semitic language that was spoken in ancient mesopotamia ( akkad , assyria , isin , larsa and babylonia ) from the 30th century bc until its gradual replacement by akkadian - influenced eastern aramaic among mesopotamians between the 8th century bc and its final extinction by the 1st to 3rd centuries ad . 
Sumer ::   sumer ( ) is the earliest known civilization in the historical region of southern mesopotamia , modern - day southern iraq , during the chalcolithic and early bronze ages , and arguably the first civilization in the world with ancient egypt and the indus valley . 
Enchilada ::   an enchilada ( , ) is a corn tortilla rolled around a filling and covered with a chili pepper sauce . 
Diocese ::   the word diocese ( ) is derived from the greek term " " meaning " administration " . 
Pseudotsuga ::   pseudotsuga is a genus of evergreen coniferous trees in the family pinaceae . 
Phytoplankton ::   phytoplankton are the autotrophic ( self - feeding ) components of the plankton community and a key part of oceans , seas and freshwater basin ecosystems . 
Zooplankton ::   zooplankton ( pronounced in several different ways , including or . ) 
Lemures ::   in roman mythology , the lemures were shades or spirits of the restless or malignant dead , and are probably cognate with an extended sense of larvae ( from latin " larva " , " mask " ) as disturbing or frightening . 
Smyrna ::   smyrna ( ) was a greek city dating back to antiquity located at a central and strategic point on the aegean coast of anatolia . 
Sucrose ::   sucrose is common table sugar . 
Zircon ::   zircon ( or ) is a mineral belonging to the group of nesosilicates . 
Philadelphia ::   philadelphia ( ) is the largest city in the commonwealth of pennsylvania and the sixth - most populous city in the united states , with an estimated population of 1,567,872 and more than 6   million in the seventh - largest metropolitan statistical area , . 
Spanking ::   spanking is a common form of corporal punishment involving the act of striking the buttocks of another person to cause physical pain , generally with an open hand . 
Hyperlexia ::   hyperlexia is a syndrome characterized by a child 's precocious ability to read . 
EEPROM ::   eeprom ( also written eprom and pronounced " e - e - prom " , " double - e - prom " or " e - squared - prom " ) stands for electrically erasable programmable read - only memory and is a type of non - volatile memory used in computers and other electronic devices to store relatively small amounts of data but allowing individual bytes to be erased and reprogrammed . 
Parkinsonism ::   parkinsonism is a clinical syndrome characterized by tremor , bradykinesia , rigidity , and postural instability . 
Scyphozoa ::   the scyphozoa are an exclusively marine class of the phylum cnidaria , referred to as the true jellyfish ( or " true jellies " ) . 
Chmod ::   in unix - like operating systems , is the command and system call which may change the access permissions to file system objects ( files and directories ) . 
Astronomy ::   astronomy ( from ) is a natural science that studies celestial objects and phenomena . 
Funicular ::   a funicular ( ) , also known as an inclined plane or cliff railway , is a type of cable railway in which a cable attached to a pair of tram - like vehicles on rails moves them up and down a steep slope , the ascending and descending vehicles counterbalancing each other . 
Gundam ::   , also known as the , is a science fiction media franchise created by sunrise that features giant robots ( mecha ) with mobile suits bearing the name gundam . 
Zygnematales ::   the zygnematales ( ( " zygós " ) and νῆμα ( " nḗma " ) ( nom . ) , νήματος ( " nḗmatos " ) ( gen . ) ) , also called the conjugatales , are an order of green algae , comprising several thousand different species in two families . 
Piracy ::   piracy is an act of robbery or criminal violence by ship or boat - borne attackers upon another ship or a coastal area , typically with the goal of stealing cargo and other valuable items or properties . 
Buccaneer ::   buccaneers were a kind of privateer or pirate particular to the caribbean sea during the 17th and 18th centuries . 
Prabuty ::   prabuty ( ) is a town in kwidzyn county within the pomeranian voivodeship of northern poland . 
Iaidō ::   , abbreviated with , is a japanese martial art that emphasizes being aware and capable of quickly drawing the sword and responding to a sudden attack . 
Elbe ::   the elbe (; ; ; low german : " elv " ) is one of the major rivers of central europe . 
Privateer ::   a privateer was a private person or ship that engaged in maritime warfare under a commission of war . 
Ferry ::   a ferry is a merchant vessel used to carry passengers , and sometimes vehicles and cargo as well , across a body of water . 
Insomnia ::   insomnia , also known as sleeplessness , is a sleep disorder where people have trouble sleeping . 
Y-wing ::   the y - wing is a fictional galactic republic , rebel alliance and new republic starfighter in the " star wars " franchise . 
A-wing ::   a - wings are fictional starfighters in the " star wars " franchise . 
Tianjin ::   tianjin ( ) , formerly known in english as tientsin , is a metropolis in northern coastal mainland china and one of the four national central cities of the country , with a total population of 15,469,500 , and is also the world 's 6th - most populous city proper . 
Racing ::   in sport , racing is a competition of speed , against an objective criterion , usually a clock or to a specific point . 
Tlingit ::   the tlingit ( or ; also spelled tlinkit ) are indigenous peoples of the pacific northwest coast of north america . 
Oahu ::   oahu ( ) or o'ahu , known as " the gathering place " oahu is one of the popular islands out of all 8 islands . 
Integument ::   in biology , integument is the natural covering of an organism or an organ , such as its skin , husk , shell , or rind . 
Feather ::   feathers are epidermal growths that form the distinctive outer covering , or plumage , on birds . 
Chelicerata ::   the subphylum chelicerata ( or ; new latin , from french " chélicère " , from greek " khēlē " " claw , chela " and " kéras " " horn " ) constitutes one of the major subdivisions of the phylum arthropoda . 
Wavelet ::   a wavelet is a wave - like oscillation with an amplitude that begins at zero , increases , and then decreases back to zero . 
Swan ::   swans are birds of the family anatidae within the genus cygnus . 
Witness ::   a witness is someone who has , who claims to have , or is thought , by someone with authority to compel testimony , to have knowledge relevant to an event or other matter of interest . 
Brunswick ::   brunswick is the historical english name for the german city of braunschweig . 
Grenoble ::   grenoble (; ; ) is a city in southeastern france , at the foot of the french alps where the river drac joins the isère . 
Toulon ::   toulon (; provençal : " tolon " , " touloun " , ) is a city in southern france and a large military harbour on the mediterranean coast , with a major french naval base . 
Lelystad ::   lelystad ( ) is a municipality and a city in the centre of the netherlands , and it is the capital of the province of flevoland . 
IJsselmeer ::   the ijsselmeer (; west frisian language : " iselmar " ) , is a closed off inland bay in the central netherlands bordering the provinces of flevoland , north holland and friesland . 
Latins ::   latins referred originally to an italic tribe in ancient central italy from latium . 
Jenin ::   jenin (; " ") is a palestinian city in the northern west bank . 
Rigging ::   rigging comprises the system of ropes , cables and chains , which support a sailing ship or sail boat 's masts—"standing rigging " , including shrouds and stays — and which adjust the position of the vessel 's sails and spars to which they are attached — the " running rigging " , including halyards , braces , sheets and vangs . 
Electroplating ::   electroplating is a process that uses electric current to reduce dissolved metal cations so that they form a thin coherent metal coating on an electrode . 
Patronymic ::   a patronym , or patronymic , is a component of a personal name based on the given name of one 's father , grandfather ( i.e. , an avonymic ) , or an even earlier male ancestor . 
Cinematographer ::   a cinematographer or director of photography ( sometimes shortened to dp or dop ) is the chief over the camera and light crews working on a film , television production or other live action piece and is responsible for making artistic and technical decisions related to the image . 
Braunschweig ::   braunschweig (; low german : " brunswiek " ) , also called brunswick in english , is a city of 252,768 people ( as of 31 december 2015 ) , located in the state of lower saxony , germany . 
Paleoclimatology ::   paleoclimatology ( in british spelling , palaeoclimatology ) is the study of changes in climate taken on the scale of the entire history of earth . 
Anomie ::   anomie ( ) is a " condition in which society provides little moral guidance to individuals " . 
Thalidomide ::   thalidomide , sold under the brand name immunoprin , among others , is an immunomodulatory drug and the prototype of the thalidomide class of drugs . 
Magnet ::   a magnet is a material or object that produces a magnetic field . 
Poison ::   in biology , poisons are substances that cause disturbances in organisms , usually by chemical reaction or other activity on the molecular scale , when an organism absorbs a sufficient quantity . 
Pangolin ::   pangolins are mammals of the order pholidota . 
Pierrot ::   pierrot ( ) is a stock character of pantomime and commedia dell'arte whose origins are in the late seventeenth - century italian troupe of players performing in paris and known as the comédie - italienne ; the name is a diminutive of " pierre " ( peter ) , via the suffix " -ot . " 
SoftICE ::   softice is a kernel mode debugger for microsoft windows up to windows xp . 
Mail ::   the mail or post is a system for physically transporting postcards , letters , and parcels . 
Islamabad ::   islamabad (; , , ) is the capital city of pakistan located within the federal islamabad capital territory . 
Leicester ::   leicester ( ) is a city and unitary authority area in the east midlands of england , and the county town of leicestershire . 
Photophone ::   the photophone is a telecommunications device that allows transmission of speech on a beam of light . 
Formentera ::   formentera ( , ) is the smaller and more southerly island of the pityusic islands group ( comprising ibiza and formentera , as well as various small islets ) , which belongs to the balearic islands autonomous community ( spain ) . 
Tapiola ::   tapiola (; ) is a district of the municipality of espoo on the south coast of finland , and is one of the major urban centres of espoo . 
Vichy ::   vichy (; ) ( " vichèi " in occitan ) ) is a city in the allier department of auvergne - rhône - alpes in central france , in the historic province of bourbonnais . 
DNIX ::   dnix ( original spelling : d - nix ) was a unix - like real - time operating system from the swedish company dataindustrier ab ( diab ) . 
Quikscript ::   quikscript ( also known as the read alphabet and second shaw ) is an alphabet ( and phonemic orthography ) specifically designed for the english language . 
Samizdat ::   samizdat ( ) was a key form of dissident activity across the soviet bloc in which individuals reproduced censored and underground publications by hand and passed the documents from reader to reader . 
Coefficient ::   in mathematics , a coefficient is a multiplicative factor in some term of a polynomial , a series or any expression ; it is usually a number , but may be any expression . 
Kinase ::   in biochemistry , a kinase is an enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of phosphate groups from high - energy , phosphate - donating molecules to specific substrates . 
Airliner ::   an airliner is a type of aircraft for transporting passengers and air cargo . 
Thrasamund ::   thrasamund ( 450–523 ) , king of the vandals and alans ( 496–523 ) , was the fourth king of the north african kingdom of the vandals , and reigned longer than any other vandal king in africa other than his grandfather genseric . 
Gunthamund ::   gunthamund ( c. 450 - 496 ) , king of the vandals and alans ( 484 - 496 ) was the third king of the north african vandal kingdom . 
Wiltshire ::   wiltshire ( or ) is a county in south west england with an area of . 
Chernyakhovsk ::   chernyakhovsk ( ) ; prior to 1946 known by its german name (; ) is a town and the administrative center of chernyakhovsky district in kaliningrad oblast , russia , located at the confluence of the instruch and angrapa rivers , forming the pregolya . 
Nut ::   nut primarily refers to : nut , nut , nuts or nuts may also refer to : 
Peach ::   the peach ( " prunus persica " ) is a deciduous tree native to the region of northwest china between the tarim basin and the north slopes of the kunlun shan mountains , where it was first domesticated and cultivated . 
Onion ::   the onion ( " allium cepa " l. , from latin " cepa " " onion " ) , also known as the bulb onion or common onion , is a vegetable and is the most widely cultivated species of the genus " allium " . 
Bulb ::   in botany , a bulb is structurally a short stem with fleshy leaves or leaf bases that function as food storage organs during dormancy . 
Iaijutsu ::   , is a combative quick - draw sword technique . 
Kenjutsu ::   the exact activities and conventions undertaken when practicing " kenjutsu " vary from school to school , where the word school here refers to the practice , methods , ethics , and metaphysics of a given tradition , yet commonly include practice of battlefield techniques without an opponent and techniques whereby two practitioners perform " kata " ( featuring full contact strikes to the body in some styles and no body contact strikes permitted in others ) . 
Prince-bishop ::   a prince - bishop is a bishop who is also the civil ruler of some secular principality and sovereignty . 
Guillotine ::   a guillotine (; ) is an apparatus designed for efficiently carrying out executions by beheading . 
Rabbi ::   in judaism , a rabbi is a teacher of torah . 
Cowpox ::   cowpox is an infectious disease caused by the cowpox virus . 
Citroën ::   citroën ( ) is a major french automobile manufacturer , part of the psa peugeot citroën group since 1976 , founded in 1919 by french industrialist andré - gustave citroën ( 1878–1935 ) . 
Famine ::   a famine is a widespread scarcity of food , caused by several factors including war , inflation , crop failure , population imbalance , or government policies . 
Barbuda ::   barbuda ( , ) is a small island in the eastern caribbean that forms part of the sovereign commonwealth nation of antigua and barbuda . 
Coconut ::   the coconut tree ( " cocos nucifera " ) is a member of the family arecaceae ( palm family ) and the only species of the genus " cocos " . 
Somaliland ::   somaliland (; ' , ' ) , officially the republic of somaliland ( , " jumhūrīyat ṣūmālīlānd " ) , is a self - declared state internationally recognised as an autonomous region of somalia . 
Sedenion ::   in abstract algebra , the sedenions form a 16-dimensional noncommutative and nonassociative algebra over the reals obtained by applying the cayley– 
Octonion ::   in mathematics , the octonions are a normed division algebra over the real numbers , usually represented by the capital letter o , using boldface o or blackboard bold formula_1 . 
Quaternion ::   in mathematics , 
AutoLISP ::   autolisp is a dialect of the lisp programming language built specifically for use with the full version of autocad and its derivatives , which include " autocad map 3d " , " autocad architecture " and " autocad mechanical " . 
Machine ::   a machine uses power to apply forces and control movement to perform an intended action . 
Molière ::   jean - baptiste poquelin , known by his stage name molière ( or ; ; 15 january 162217 february 1673 ) , was a french playwright and actor who is considered to be one of the greatest masters of comedy in western literature . 
Mold ::   a mold ( ) or mould ( is a fungus that grows in the form of multicellular filaments called " hyphae " . 
Mycelium ::   mycelium is the vegetative part of a fungus or fungus - like bacterial colony , consisting of a mass of branching , thread - like hyphae . 
Spore ::   in biology , a spore is a unit of sexual or asexual reproduction that may be adapted for dispersal and for survival , often for extended periods of time , in unfavorable conditions . 
Hypha ::   a hypha ( plural hyphae , from greek ὑφή , " huphḗ " , “ web ” ) is a long , branching filamentous structure of a fungus , oomycete , or actinobacterium . 
Jurist ::   a jurist ( from medieval latin ) is someone who researches and studies jurisprudence ( theory of law ) . 
Poitiers ::   poitiers ( ) is a city on the clain river in west - central france . 
Rights ::   rights are legal , social , or ethical principles of freedom or entitlement ; that is , rights are the fundamental normative rules about what is allowed of people or owed to people , according to some legal system , social convention , or ethical theory . 
Samarkand ::   samarkand (; ; cyrillic/ ) , alternatively samarqand or samarcand , is a city in modern - day uzbekistan and is one of the oldest inhabited cities in central asia . 
Silk ::   silk is a natural protein fiber , some forms of which can be woven into textiles . 
Prince ::   a prince is a male ruler or member of a monarch 's or former monarch 's family . 
Etiquette ::   etiquette ( or , ) is a code of behavior that delineates expectations for social behavior according to contemporary conventional norms within a society , social class , or group . 
Arrow ::   an arrow is a shafted projectile that is shot with a bow . 
Dam ::   a dam is a barrier that stops or restricts the flow of water or underground streams . 
Fokker ::   fokker was a dutch aircraft manufacturer named after its founder , anthony fokker . 
Haganah ::   haganah ( , lit . " 
Tera- ::   tera is a unit prefix in the metric system denoting multiplication by 10 or ( one trillion short scale ; one billion long scale ) . 
Geostatistics ::   geostatistics is a branch of statistics focusing on spatial or spatiotemporal datasets . 
Montreux ::   montreux ( ) is a municipality in the district of riviera - pays - d'enhaut in the canton of vaud in switzerland . 
Ollolai ::   ollolai is a " comune " at the center of barbagia , in the province of nuoro ( sardinia , italy ) . 
Riyadh ::   riyadh ( /rɨˈjɑːd/ ; " ar - riyāḍ " ) is the capital and most populous city of saudi arabia . 
Rhineland ::   the rhineland ( , ) is the name used for a loosely defined area of western germany along the rhine , chiefly its middle section . 
Cnidocyte ::   a cnidocyte ( also known as a cnidoblast or nematocyte ) is an explosive cell containing one giant secretory organelle or " cnida " ( plural " cnidae " ) that defines the phylum cnidaria ( corals , sea anemones , hydrae , jellyfish , etc . ) . 
Santiago ::   santiago de chile ( ) , or simply santiago , is the capital and largest city of chile as well as one of the largest cities in the americas . 
Tabebuia ::   tabebuia is a genus of flowering plants in the family bignoniaceae . 
Grunge ::   grunge ( sometimes referred to as the seattle sound ) is a subgenre of alternative rock and a subculture that emerged during the in the pacific northwest u.s. state of washington , particularly in seattle and nearby towns . 
Iridology ::   iridology ( also known as iridodiagnosis or iridiagnosis ) is an alternative medicine technique whose proponents claim that patterns , colors , and other characteristics of the iris can be examined to determine information about a patient 's systemic health . 
Referendum ::   a referendum ( plural referendums ) is a direct vote in which an entire electorate is invited to vote on a particular proposal . 
Sevastopol ::   sevastopol or traditionally sebastopol ( or ; ; ; ) is the largest city on the crimean peninsula and a major black sea port . 
Umbria ::   umbria ( ; ) , is one of the twenty regions of italy , located in central italy . 
Nouakchott ::   nouakchott (; ; " " , originally derived from berber nawākšūṭ , " place of the winds " ) is the capital and largest city of mauritania . 
Minsk ::   minsk ( , ; , ) , is the capital and largest city of belarus , on the svislach and the nyamiha rivers . 
Perugia ::   perugia (; ) is the capital city of both the region of umbria in central italy , crossed by the river tiber , and of the province of perugia . 
Shropshire ::   shropshire ( or ; alternatively salop ; abbreviated , in print only , shrops ; demonym salopian ) is a county in the west midlands of england , bordering powys and wrexham in wales to the west and north - west , cheshire to the north , staffordshire to the east , worcestershire to the south - east and herefordshire to the south . 
Puffball ::   a puffball is a member of any of several groups of fungi in the division basidiomycota . 
Geastrales ::   the geastrales are an order of gasterocarpic basidiomycetes ( fungi ) that relates to cantharellales . 
Soliton ::   in mathematics and physics , a soliton is a self - reinforcing solitary wave packet that maintains its shape while it propagates at a constant velocity . 
Limey ::   limey is a predominantly north american slang nickname for the british people , originally referring to their sailors . 
Semivariance ::   in spatial statistics , the empirical semivariance is described by where " z " is a datum at a particular location , " h " is the distance between ordered data , and " n"("h " ) is the number of paired data at a distance of " h " . 
Shoot ::   in botany , shoots consist of stems including their appendages , the leaves and lateral buds , flowering stems and flower buds . 
Quatorzain ::   a quatorzain ( from italian " quattordici " or french " quatorze " , fourteen ) is a poem of fourteen lines . 
Hurrians ::   the hurrians (; cuneiform : ; transliteration : " ḫu - ur - ri " ) , also called hari , khurrites , hourri , churri , hurri or hurriter , were a people of the bronze age near east . 
Bauhin ::   bauhin — a family of physicians and scientists . 
Russulales ::   the russulales are an order of the agaricomycetes , ( which include the agaric genera " russula " and " lactarius " and their polyporoid and corticioid relatives ) . 
Moped ::   a moped ( /ˈmoʊpɛd/ moh - ped ) is a small motorcycle , generally having a less stringent licensing requirement than motorcycles or automobiles because mopeds typically travel about the same speed as bicycles on public roadways . 
Blimp ::   a blimp , or non - rigid airship , is an airship ( dirigible ) or barrage balloon without an internal structural framework or a keel . 
Plantago ::   plantago is a genus of about 200 species of small , inconspicuous plants commonly called plantains or fleaworts . 
Tercet ::   a tercet is composed of three lines of poetry , forming a stanza or a complete poem . 
Somerset ::   somerset ( ) ( or archaically , somersetshire ) is a county in south west england which borders gloucestershire and bristol to the north , wiltshire to the east , dorset to the south - east and devon to the south - west . 
Duomo ::   duomo ( , ) is a term for an italian cathedral church . 
E.164 ::   e.164 is an itu - t recommendation , titled " the international public telecommunication numbering plan " , that defines a numbering plan for the worldwide public switched telephone network ( pstn ) and some other data networks . 
Azotemia ::   azotemia ( " azot " , " nitrogen " + " -emia " , " blood condition " ) is a medical condition characterized by abnormally high levels of nitrogen - containing compounds ( such as urea , creatinine , various body waste compounds , and other nitrogen - rich compounds ) in the blood . 
Amphora ::   an amphora ( greek : αμφορέας , english plural : amphorae or amphoras ) is a type of container of a characteristic shape and size , descending from at least as early as the neolithic period . 
Sumo ::   the sport originated in japan , the only country where it is practiced professionally . 
Rodinia ::   rodinia ( from the russian " родить " , " rodít " , meaning ‘ to beget’ or ‘ to give birth’ ( originally ) , or " родина " , " ródina " , meaning ‘ 
Sidewalk ::   a sidewalk ( american english ) or pavement ( british english ) , also known as a footpath or footway , is a path along the side of a road . 
Albertsons ::   albertsons companies llc is an american grocery company founded and based in boise , idaho . 
Supermarket ::   a supermarket is a self - service shop offering a wide variety of food and household products , organized into aisles . 
Googly ::   in cricket , a googly ( or wrong ' un ) is a type of deceptive delivery bowled by a right - arm leg spin bowler . 
Multiculturalism ::   multiculturalism is a term used in both sociology and political philosophy . 
Textile ::   a textile is a flexible material consisting of a network of natural or artificial fibres ( yarn or thread ) . 
Putrescine ::   putrescine , or tetramethylenediamine , is a foul - smelling organic chemical compound nh(ch)nh ( 1,4-diaminobutane or butanediamine ) that is related to cadaverine ; both are produced by the breakdown of amino acids in living and dead organisms and both are toxic in large doses . 
Cadaverine ::   cadaverine is a foul - smelling diamine compound produced by the putrefaction of animal tissue . 
Legislation ::   legislation ( or " statutory law " ) is law which has been promulgated ( or " enacted " ) by a legislature or other governing body or the process of making it . 
Secotioid ::   secotioid fungi are an intermediate growth form between mushroom - like hymenomycetes and closed bag - shaped gasteromycetes , where an evolutionary process of gasteromycetation has started but not run to completion . 
Amtrak ::   the national railroad passenger corporation , doing business as amtrak , is a passenger railroad service that provides medium- and long - distance intercity service in the contiguous united states . 
Hymenophore ::   a hymenophore refers to the hymenium - bearing structure of a fungal fruiting body . 
Hymenomycete ::   hymenomycetes was the largest class of fungi within the division basidiomycota , but the term is no longer taxonomically relevant . 
Waveplate ::   a waveplate or retarder is an optical device that alters the polarization state of a light wave travelling through it . 
Dichroism ::   in optics , a dichroic material is either one which causes visible light to be split up into distinct beams of different wavelengths ( colours ) ( not to be confused with dispersion ) , " or " one in which light rays having different polarizations are absorbed by different amounts . 
Weaving ::   weaving is a method of textile production in which two distinct sets of yarns or threads are interlaced at right angles to form a fabric or cloth . 
Yarn ::   yarn is a long continuous length of interlocked fibres , suitable for use in the production of textiles , sewing , crocheting , knitting , weaving , embroidery , and ropemaking . 
Canberra ::   canberra ( , ) is the capital city of australia . 
Buzzkunst ::   buzzkunst is the first and , to date , only studio album by former buzzcocks members pete shelley and howard devoto , under the name shelleydevoto . 
Shiritori ::   example : sakura ( さくら ) → rajio ( ラジオ ) → onigiri ( おにぎり ) → risu ( りす ) → sumou ( すもう ) → udon ( うどん ) the player who used the word " udon " lost this game . 
Istria ::   istria (; croatian , slovene : " istra " ; istriot : " eîstria " ; italian : " istria " ; german : " istrien " ) , formerly " histria " ( latin ) , is the largest peninsula in the adriatic sea . 
Oldsmobile ::   oldsmobile was a brand of american automobiles produced for most of its existence by general motors . 
Miracle ::   a miracle is an event not explicable by natural or scientific laws . 
Arch ::   an arch is a curved structure that spans an elevated space and may or may not support the weight above it . 
Antihydrogen ::   antihydrogen ( ) is the antimatter counterpart of hydrogen . 
Fictionary ::   fictionary , also known as the dictionary game or simply dictionary , is a word game in which players guess the definition of an obscure word . 
Charades ::   charades ( , ) is a parlor or party word guessing game . 
Prose ::   prose is a form of language that exhibits a natural flow of speech and grammatical structure , rather than a rhythmic structure as in traditional poetry . 
Cree ::   the cree (; ) are one of the largest groups of first nations in north america , with over 200,000 members living in canada . 
Embedding ::   in mathematics , an embedding ( or imbedding ) is one instance of some mathematical structure contained within another instance , such as a group that is a subgroup . 
Strabo ::   strabo (; " strábōn " ; 64 or 63 bc   ad   24 ) was a greek geographer , philosopher , and historian who lived in asia minor during the transitional period of the roman republic into the roman empire . 
VHS ::   the video home system ( vhs ) is a standard for consumer - level analog video recording on tape cassettes . 
Pneumonia ::   pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli . 
Citrus ::   citrus is a genus of flowering trees and shrubs in the rue family , rutaceae . 
Caridea ::   the caridea , commonly known as caridean shrimp , are an infraorder of shrimp within the order decapoda . 
Megacity ::   a megacity is usually defined as a metropolitan area with a total population in excess of ten million people . 
Grook ::   a grook ( " gruk " in danish ) is a form of short aphoristic poem or rhyming aphorism , created by the danish poet , designer , inventor and scientist piet hein , who wrote over 7000 of them , mostly in danish or english . 
Dendrobranchiata ::   dendrobranchiata is a suborder of decapod shrimps , commonly known as prawns . 
Natantia ::   natantia ( boas , 1880 ) is an obsolete taxon of decapod crustaceans , comprising those families that move predominantly by swimming – the shrimp ( comprising caridea and procarididea ) , prawns ( dendrobranchiata ) and boxer shrimp . 
Nanowire ::   a nanowire is a nanostructure , with the diameter of the order of a nanometer ( 10 meters ) . 
Superellipse ::   a superellipse , also known as a lamé curve after gabriel lamé , is a closed curve resembling the ellipse , retaining the geometric features of semi - major axis and semi - minor axis , and symmetry about them , but a different overall shape . 
SourceForge ::   sourceforge is a web - based service that offers software developers a centralized online location to control and manage free and open - source software projects . 
Zeeland ::   zeeland (; , zeelandic : " zeêland " , historical english exonym zealand ) is the westernmost and least populous province of the netherlands . 
Osaka ::   historically a merchant city , osaka has also been known as the and served as a center for the rice trade during the edo period . 
Mauritshuis ::   the mauritshuis (; ) is an art museum in the hague in the netherlands . 
Hoax ::   a hoax is a falsehood deliberately fabricated to masquerade as the truth . 
Autosport ::   autosport ( ) is a weekly magazine covering motorsport , published in the united kingdom every thursday . 
Rallying ::   rallying is a form of motorsport that takes place on public or private roads with modified production or specially built road - legal cars . 
Darmstadt ::   darmstadt ( ) is a city in the state of hesse in germany , located in the southern part of the rhine - main - area ( frankfurt metropolitan region ) . 
Farrow ::   " to farrow " means for a sow to give birth to piglets . 
Jansenism ::   jansenism was a catholic theological movement , primarily in france , that emphasized original sin , human depravity , the necessity of divine grace , and predestination . 
Perthshire ::   perthshire ( , ; ) , officially the county of perth , is a historic county and registration county in central scotland . 
Clackmannanshire ::   clackmannanshire ( or ) is a historic county and council area in scotland , bordering the council areas of stirling , fife and perth & kinross . 
Herod ::   herod is a name used by several kings belonging to the herodian dynasty of the roman province of judaea : 
Origami ::   ) is the art of paper folding , which is often associated with japanese culture . 
Monticello ::   monticello was the primary plantation of thomas jefferson , the third president of the united states , who began designing and building monticello at age 26 after inheriting land from his father . 
Rafflesia ::   rafflesia is a genus of parasitic flowering plants . 
MathML ::   mathematical markup language ( mathml ) is a mathematical markup language , an application of xml for describing mathematical notations and capturing both its structure and content . 
Idiolect ::   idiolect is an individual 's distinctive and unique use of language , including speech . 
Aitutaki ::   aitutaki , also traditionally known as araura " and utataki " ' , is one of the cook islands , north of rarotonga . 
Eroticism ::   eroticism ( from the greek ἔρως , " eros"—"desire " ) is a quality that causes sexual feelings , as well as a philosophical contemplation concerning the aesthetics of sexual desire , sensuality and romantic love . 
Arapaho ::   the arapaho (; in french : " arapahos , gens de vache " ) are a tribe of native americans historically living on the plains of colorado and wyoming . 
Thermite ::   thermite ( ) is a pyrotechnic composition of metal powder , which serves as fuel , and metal oxide . 
Hairstyle ::   a hairstyle , hairdo , or haircut refers to the styling of hair , usually on the human scalp . 
Xanthine ::   xanthine ( or ; archaically xanthic acid ) ( 3,7-dihydropurine-2,6-dione ) , is a purine base found in most human body tissues and fluids and in other organisms . 
Counter-Earth ::   the counter - earth is a hypothesized by the pre - socratic greek philosopher philolaus ( c. 470 – c. 385 bc ) to support his non - geocentric cosmology , in which all objects in the universe revolve around an unseen " central fire " ( distinct from the sun which also revolves around it ) . 
Non-repudiation ::   non - repudiation refers to a state of affairs where the author of a statement will not be able to successfully challenge the authorship of the statement or validity of an associated contract . 
Gor ::   gor is the counter - earth setting for an extended series of sword and planet novels by author and philosophy professor john norman . 
Fork ::   a fork , in cutlery or kitchenware , is a tool consisting of a handle with several narrow tines on one end . 
Gwynedd ::   gwynedd (; ) is an area in north - west wales , named after the old kingdom of gwynedd . 
Mores ::   mores ( sometimes ; from latin " mōrēs " , , plural form of singular " mōs " , meaning " manner " , " custom " , " usage " , " habit " ) was introduced from english into american english by william graham sumner ( 1840–1910 ) , an early u.s. sociologist , to refer to social norms that are widely observed and are considered to have greater moral significance than others . 
Glamorgan ::   glamorgan ( ) , or sometimes glamorganshire , ( or ) is one of the thirteen historic counties of wales and a former administrative county of wales . 
Melanocyte ::   melanocytes ( or ) are melanin - producing neural - crest derived cells located in the bottom layer ( the stratum basale ) of the skin 's epidermis , the middle layer of the eye ( the uvea ) , the inner ear , meninges , bones , and heart . 
Thespis ::   thespis (; ; fl . 
Monoculture ::   monoculture is the agricultural practice of producing or growing a single crop , plant , or livestock species , variety , or breed in a field or farming system at a time . 
Ancona ::   ancona (; ( elbow ) ) is a city and a seaport in the marche region in central italy , with a population of around 101,997 . 
Baking ::   baking is a method of cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat , normally in an oven , but also in hot ashes , or on hot stones . 
Boiling ::   boiling is the rapid vaporization of a liquid , which occurs when a liquid is heated to its boiling point , the temperature at which the vapour pressure of the liquid is equal to the pressure exerted on the liquid by the surrounding atmosphere . 
Altria ::   altria group , inc. ( renamed from philip morris companies inc. on january 27 , 2003 ) is an american corporation and one of the world 's largest producers and marketers of tobacco , cigarettes and related products . 
Cysteine ::   cysteine ( abbreviated as cys or c ) is a semi - essential proteinogenic amino acid with the formula hocch(nh)chsh . 
Camera ::   a camera is an optical instrument for recording or capturing images , which may be stored locally , transmitted to another location , or both . 
Acetylcholine ::   acetylcholine ( ach ) is an organic chemical that functions in the brain and body of many types of animals , including humans , as a neurotransmitter — a chemical released by nerve cells to send signals to other cells . 
Brazzaville ::   brazzaville is the capital and largest city of the republic of the congo and is on the north side of the congo river , opposite kinshasa . 
Cádiz ::   cádiz ( , ; see other pronunciations below ) is a city and port in southwestern spain . 
Albireo ::   albireo is the traditional name for the double star also designated beta cygni ( β cygni , abbreviated beta cyg , β cyg ) , although the international astronomical union now regards the name as only applying to the brightest component . 
U2 ::   u2 are an irish rock band from dublin formed in 1976 . 
Humidity ::   humidity is the amount of water vapor present in the air . 
Dialectic ::   dialectic or dialectics ( , " dialektikḗ " ) , also known as the dialectical method , is a discourse between two or more people holding different points of view about a subject but wishing to establish the truth through reasoned arguments . 
Gesso ::   gesso (; " chalk " , from the , from ) is a white paint mixture consisting of a binder mixed with chalk , gypsum , pigment , or any combination of these . 
Pseudopodia ::   a pseudopod or pseudopodium ( plural : pseudopods or pseudopodia ) ( from the greek word " ψευδοποδός " , " ψευδός " " false " + " ποδός " " foot " ) is a temporary cytoplasm - filled projection of a eukaryotic cell membrane or a unicellular protist . 
Seasoning ::   seasoning is the process of adding salt , herbs , or spices to food to enhance the flavor . 
Marination ::   marination is the process of soaking foods in a seasoned , often acidic , liquid before cooking . 
Brining ::   in food processing , brining is treating of food with brine , a mixture of water and salt used to preserve or season the food . 
Xylophone ::   the xylophone ( from the greek words —"xylon " , " wood " + —"phōnē " , " sound , voice " , meaning " wooden sound " ) is a musical instrument in the percussion family that consists of wooden bars struck by mallets . 
Braising ::   braising ( from the french word " braiser " ) is a combination - cooking method that uses both wet and dry heats : typically , the food is first seared at a high temperature , then finished in a covered pot at a lower temperature while sitting in some ( variable ) amount of liquid ( which may also add flavor ) . 
Marimba ::   the marimba ( ) is a percussion instrument consisting of a set of wooden bars struck with mallets to produce musical tones . 
Vibraphone ::   the vibraphone ( also known as the vibraharp or simply the vibes ) is a musical instrument in the struck idiophone subfamily of the percussion family . 
Glockenspiel ::   a glockenspiel ( or , " glocken " : bells and " spiel " : play , game , set , deck ( of cards ) ) is a percussion instrument composed of a set of tuned keys arranged in the fashion of the keyboard of a piano . 
Celesta ::   the celesta or celeste is a struck idiophone operated by a keyboard . 
Logo ::   a logo ( abbreviation of logotype , from " logos " " word " and τύπος " typos " " imprint " ) is a graphic mark , emblem , or symbol commonly used by commercial enterprises , organizations , and even individuals to aid and promote instant public recognition . 
Brunch ::   brunch is a combination of breakfast and lunch eaten usually during the late morning to early afternoon , generally served from 11 am up to 3 pm and regularly has some form of alcoholic drink ( most usually champagne or a cocktail ) served with it . 
Zuiderzee ::   the zuiderzee (; old spelling " zuyderzee " ) was a shallow bay of the north sea in the northwest of the netherlands , extending about 100   km ( 60 miles ) inland and at most 50   km ( 30 miles ) wide , with an overall depth of about 4 to 5 metres ( 13–16   feet ) and a coastline of about 300   km ( 200 miles ) . 
Town ::   a town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city . 
Berry ::   in everyday language , a berry is a small , pulpy , and often edible fruit . 
Israelites ::   the israelites (; " bnei yisra'el " ) were a confederation of iron age semitic - speaking tribes of the ancient near east , who inhabited a part of canaan during the tribal and monarchic periods . 
Adrenoleukodystrophy ::   adrenoleukodystrophy is a disease linked to the x chromosome . 
Obstetrics ::   obstetrics is the field of study concentrated on pregnancy , childbirth , and the postpartum period . 
Gynaecology ::   gynaecology or gynecology ( see spelling differences ) is the medical practice dealing with the health of the female reproductive systems ( vagina , uterus , and ovaries ) and the breasts . 
Sautéing ::   sautéing ( or , ; from the french " sauté " , lit . " jumped , bounced " in reference to tossing while cooking ) is a method of cooking food that uses a small amount of oil or fat in a shallow pan over relatively high heat . 
Grilling ::   grilling is a form of cooking that involves dry heat applied to the surface of food , commonly from above or below . 
Poaching ::   poaching has traditionally been defined as the illegal hunting or capturing of wild animals , usually associated with land use rights . 
Roasting ::   roasting is a cooking method that uses dry heat where hot air envelops the food , cooking it evenly on all sides with temperatures of at least 150   °c ( ~300   °f ) from an open flame , oven , or other heat source . 
Steaming ::   steaming is a method of cooking using steam . 
Screenwriter ::   a screenplay writer ( also called screenwriter for short ) , scriptwriter or scenarist is a writer who practices the craft of screenwriting , writing screenplays on which mass media , such as films , television programs , comics or video games , are based . 
WebCrawler ::   webcrawler is a metasearch engine that blends the top search results from google search and yahoo ! search . 
Puebloans ::   the puebloans or pueblo peoples were native americans in the southwestern united states , who lived in the time period of 100 - 1600 ad . 
OpenStep ::   openstep is an object - oriented application programming interface ( api ) specification for a legacy object - oriented operating system , with the basic goal of offering a nextstep - like environment on a non - nextstep operating system . 
Milwaukee ::   milwaukee ( , ) is the largest city in the state of wisconsin and the fifth - largest city in the midwestern united states . 
Humanities ::   humanities are academic disciplines that study aspects of human society and culture . 
Metempsychosis ::   metempsychosis ( ) is a philosophical term in the greek language referring to transmigration of the soul , especially its reincarnation after death . 
Q-ship ::   q - ships , also known as q - boats , decoy vessels , special service ships , or mystery ships , were heavily armed merchant ships with concealed weaponry , designed to lure submarines into making surface attacks . 
Aztec ::   aztec culture ( ) , also known as mexica culture , was a mesoamerican culture that flourished in central mexico in the post - classic period from 1300 to 1521 , during the time in which a triple alliance of the mexica , texcoca and tepaneca tribes established the aztec empire . 
Pionium ::   pionium is an exotic atom consisting of one and one meson . 
Gandalf ::   gandalf is a fictional character and one of the protagonists in j. r. r. tolkien 's novels " the hobbit " and " the lord of the rings " . 
Vein ::   veins are blood vessels that carry blood toward the heart . 
Face ::   the face is a central body region of sense and is also very central in the expression of emotion among humans and among numerous other species . 
Neck ::   the neck is the part of the body , on many vertebrates , that separates the head from the torso or trunk . 
Ramstein ::   ramstein or rammstein could refer to : in france : 
Arm ::   in human anatomy , the arm is the part of the upper limb between the glenohumeral joint ( shoulder joint ) and the elbow joint . 
Advogato ::   advogato was an online community and social networking site dedicated to free software development , and was created by raph levien . 
Pythia ::   the pythia ( , ) , was the name of the high priestess of the temple of apollo at delphi who also served as the oracle , commonly known as the oracle of delphi . 
Durham ::   durham most commonly refers to : durham may also refer to : 
Drogheda ::   drogheda (; ; ) is one of the oldest towns in ireland . 
Folkways ::   folkways can refer to : 
Santalales ::   the santalales are an order of flowering plants with a cosmopolitan distribution , but heavily concentrated in tropical and subtropical regions . 
Arales ::   arales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
Araceae ::   the araceae are a family of monocotyledonous flowering plants in which flowers are borne on a type of inflorescence called a spadix . 
Coca ::   coca is any of the four cultivated plants in the family erythroxylaceae , native to western south america . 
Tangloids ::   tangloids is a mathematical game for two players created by piet hein to model the calculus of spinors . 
Lincolnshire ::   lincolnshire ( or ; abbreviated lincs ) is a county in the east of england . 
DESY ::   the deutsches elektronen - synchrotron ( english " german electron synchrotron " ) commonly referred to by the abbreviation desy , is a national research center in germany that operates particle accelerators used to investigate the structure of matter . 
Fermilab ::   fermi national accelerator laboratory ( fermilab ) , located just outside batavia , illinois , near chicago , is a united states department of energy national laboratory specializing in high - energy particle physics . 
Nuuk ::   nuuk ( , ; colonial name ) is the capital and largest city of greenland and the municipality of sermersooq . 
Lepidoptera ::   lepidoptera ( ) is an order of insects that includes butterflies and moths ( both are called lepidopterans ) . 
Vaccinium ::   vaccinium is a common and widespread genus of shrubs or dwarf shrubs in the heath family . 
Vitaceae ::   the vitaceae are a family of dicotyledonous flowering plants , with 14 genera and ca 910 known species , including the grapevine and virginia creeper . 
Saffron ::   saffron ( pronounced or ) is a spice derived from the flower of " crocus sativus " , commonly known as the " saffron crocus " . 
Endometriosis ::   endometriosis is a condition in which the layer of tissue that normally covers the inside of the uterus grows outside of it . 
Befunge ::   befunge is a stack - based , reflective , esoteric programming language . 
Stand-in ::   a stand - in for film and television is a person who substitutes for the actor before filming , for technical purposes such as lighting and camera setup . 
Montage ::   montage in construction and installation means to mount , assemble or install . 
Buggery ::   the british english term buggery is very close in meaning to the term sodomy , often used interchangeably in law and popular speech . 
Pseudonymity ::   pseudonymity , a word derived from pseudonym , meaning ' false name ' , is a state of disguised identity . 
Nickname ::   a nickname is a substitute for the proper name of a familiar person , place , or thing , for affection or ridicule . 
Bayonet ::   a bayonet ( from french " baïonnette " ) is a bladed weapon similar to a knife or short sword , or spike - shaped weapon designed to fit in , on , over or underneath the muzzle of a rifle , musket or similar firearm , augmenting the firearm to allow use as a pike . 
Hegemony ::   hegemony ( or , or ; , " leadership , rule " ) is the political , economic , or military predominance or control of one state over others . 
Quinoa ::   quinoa ( " chenopodium quinoa " ; ( or , from quechua ' or ' ) is a flowering plant in the amaranth family . 
Statcoulomb ::   the statcoulomb ( statc ) or franklin ( fr ) or electrostatic unit of charge ( esu ) is the physical unit for electrical charge used in the esu - cgs ( centimetre – gram – second system of units ) and gaussian units . 
Cinnabar ::   cinnabar ( ) and cinnabarite ( ) , likely deriving from the ( " kinnabari " ) , refer to the common bright scarlet to brick - red form of mercury(ii ) sulfide , formula hgs , that is the most common source ore for refining elemental mercury , and is the historic source for the brilliant red or scarlet pigment termed vermilion and associated red mercury pigments . 
Cinnamon ::   cinnamon ( ) is a spice obtained from the inner bark of several tree species from the genus " cinnamomum " . 
Illusion ::   an illusion is a distortion of the senses , revealing how the brain normally organizes and interprets sensory stimulation . 
Tenrikyo ::   , sometimes rendered as tenriism , is a japanese new religion which is neither strictly monotheistic nor pantheistic , originating from the teachings of a 19th - century woman named nakayama miki , known to her followers as " oyasama " . 
Narwhal ::   the narwhal , or narwhale ( " monodon monoceros " ) , is a medium - sized toothed whale that possesses a large " tusk " from a protruding canine tooth . 
Village ::   a village is a clustered human settlement or community , larger than a hamlet but smaller than a town , with a population ranging from a few hundred to a few thousand . 
Oxfordshire ::   oxfordshire ( or ; often abbreviated " oxon " from oxonium , the latin name of the city and county of oxford ) is a county in england . 
GameCube ::   the gamecube is a home video game console released by nintendo in japan on september 14 , 2001 ; in north america on november 18 , 2001 ; in europe on may 3 , 2002 ; and in australia on may 17 , 2002 . 
Charadriiformes ::   charadriiformes is a diverse order of small to medium - large birds . 
Procellariiformes ::   procellariiformes is an order of seabirds that comprises four families : the albatrosses , petrels and shearwaters , storm petrels , and diving petrels . 
Spock ::   spock is a fictional character in the " star trek " media franchise . 
Methuselah ::   methuselah ( ) is the man reported to have lived the longest at the age of 969 in the hebrew bible . 
Puffin ::   puffins are any of three small species of alcids ( auks ) in the bird genus " fratercula " with a brightly coloured beak during the breeding season . 
Auk ::   an auk or alcid is a bird of the family alcidae in the order charadriiformes . 
Lipogram ::   a lipogram ( from , " leipográmmatos " , " leaving out a letter " ) is a kind of constrained writing or word game consisting of writing paragraphs or longer works in which a particular letter or group of letters is avoided — usually a common vowel , and frequently " e " , the most common letter in the english language . 
Grylloblattidae ::   grylloblattidae is a family of extremophile ( psychrophile ) and wingless insects that live in the cold on top of mountains . 
Odonata ::   odonata is an order of carnivorous insects , encompassing the dragonflies ( anisoptera ) and the damselflies ( zygoptera ) . 
Peccary ::   a peccary ( also javelina or skunk pig ) is a medium - sized hoofed mammal of the family tayassuidae ( new world pigs ) in the suborder suina along with the old world pigs , suidae . 
Córdoba ::   córdoba most commonly refers to : córdoba or cordoba may also refer to : 
Calligraphy ::   calligraphy ( from greek : καλλιγραφία ) is a visual art related to writing . 
Payola ::   payola , in the music industry , is the illegal practice of payment or other inducement by record companies for the broadcast of recordings on commercial radio in which the song is presented as being part of the normal day 's broadcast . 
Oulipo ::   oulipo ( , short for ; roughly translated : " " workshop of potential literature " " ) is a loose gathering of ( mainly ) french - speaking writers and mathematicians who seek to create works using constrained writing techniques . 
Gujarat ::   gujarat ( " "    ) is a state in western india , it has an area of with a coastline of , most of which lies on the kathiawar peninsula , and a population in excess of 60 million . 
DV ::   dv is a format for storing digital video . 
Telecom ::   telecom refers to : a short name for any telecommunications world company with " telecom " or " telekom " specifically in the name , where context allows media or people to commonly exclude the rest of its name without confusion , often resulting from a monopoly or previous monopoly . 
Marcian ::   marcian (; 392 – 27 january 457 ) was byzantine emperor from 450 to 457 . 
Symmetry ::   symmetry ( from greek συμμετρία " symmetria " " agreement in dimensions , due proportion , arrangement " ) in everyday language refers to a sense of harmonious and beautiful proportion and balance . 
Champagne ::   champagne ( ) is a type of sparkling wine and type of an alcoholic drink produced from grapes grown in the champagne region of france following rules that demand , among other things , secondary fermentation of the wine in the bottle to create carbonation , specific vineyard practices , sourcing of grapes exclusively from specific parcels in the champagne appellation and specific pressing regimes unique to the region . 
TacTix ::   tactix is a two - player strategy game invented by piet hein . 
Missionary ::   a missionary is a member of a religious group sent into an area to proselytize and/or perform ministries of service , such as education , literacy , social justice , health care , and economic development . 
Dallas ::   dallas ( ) is a city in the u.s. state of texas . 
Miami ::   miami (; ) is a major port city on the atlantic coast of south florida in the southeastern united states . 
Hollywood ::   hollywood ( ) is a neighborhood in the central region of los angeles , california . 
Betelgeuse ::   betelgeuse , also designated alpha orionis ( α orionis , abbreviated alpha ori , α ori ) , is the ninth - brightest star in the night sky and second - brightest in the constellation of orion . 
Orogeny ::   an orogeny is an event that leads to a large structural deformation of the earth 's lithosphere ( crust and uppermost mantle ) due to the interaction between tectonic plates . 
Bertoleoni ::   bertoleoni is the self - proclaimed ruling family of the self - styled " kingdom of tavolara " ( sardinia , italy ) , which claimed to be " the smallest kingdom of the world " ( now extinguished ) . 
EuroWordNet ::   eurowordnet is a system of semantic networks for european languages , based on wordnet . 
Carniola ::   carniola ( slovene , ; ; ; ) was a historical region that comprised parts of present - day slovenia . 
Giant ::   giants are monsters of human appearance but prodigious size and strength common in the mythology and legends of many different cultures . 
Forestry ::   " forestry " is the science and craft of creating , managing , using , conserving , and repairing forests and associated resources to meet desired goals , needs , and values for human and environment benefits . 
Herbicide ::   herbicide(s ) , also commonly known as weedkillers , are chemical substances used to control unwanted plants . 
Archetype ::   the concept of an archetype appears in areas relating to behavior , modern psychological theory , and literary analysis . 
Lucan ::   marcus annaeus lucanus ( november 3 , 39 ad – april 30 , 65 ad ) , better known in english as lucan ( ) , was a roman poet , born in corduba ( modern - day córdoba ) , in hispania baetica . 
Permittivity ::   in electromagnetism , permittivity or absolute permittivity , usually denoted by the greek letter ε ( epsilon ) , is the measure of resistance that is encountered when forming an electric field in a particular medium . 
Hippocampus ::   the hippocampus ( named after its resemblance to the seahorse , from the greek ἱππόκαμπος , " seahorse " from ἵππος " hippos " , " horse " and κάμπος " kampos " , " sea monster " ) is a major component of the brains of humans and other vertebrates . 
Diarrhea ::   diarrhea , also spelled diarrhoea , is the condition of having at least three loose or liquid bowel movements each day . 
Sokoban ::   sokoban was created in 1981 by hiroyuki imabayashi , and published in december of 1982 by thinking rabbit , a software house based in takarazuka , japan . 
Manchego ::   manchego ( officially , ) is a cheese made in the la mancha region of spain from the milk of sheep of the breed . 
Legend ::   a legend is a narrative of human actions that are perceived both by teller and listeners to take place within human history and demonstrating human values , and which possesses certain qualities that give the tale verisimilitude . 
Euchromatin ::   euchromatin is a lightly packed form of chromatin ( dna , rna and protein ) that is enriched in genes , and is often ( but not always ) under active transcription . 
Heterochromatin ::   heterochromatin is a tightly packed form of dna , which comes in multiple varieties . 
Fallacy ::   a fallacy is the use of invalid or otherwise faulty reasoning , or " wrong moves " in the construction of an argument . 
Cornales ::   the cornales are an order of flowering plants , basal among the asterids , containing about 600 species . 
Biophysics ::   biophysics or biological physics is an interdisciplinary science that applies the approaches and methods of physics to study biological systems . 
Comanche ::   the comanche ( ) are a native american nation from the great plains whose historic territory , known as comancheria , consisted of present - day eastern new mexico , southeastern colorado , southwestern kansas , western oklahoma , and most of northwest texas and northern chihuahua . 
Seine ::   the seine ( ; , ) is a river and an important commercial waterway within the paris basin in the north of france . 
Shill ::   a shill , also called a plant or a stooge , is a person who publicly helps or gives credibility to a person or organization without disclosing that they have a close relationship with the person or organization . 
Cuscuta ::   cuscuta ( ) ( dodder ) is a genus of about 100–170 species of yellow , orange , or red ( rarely green ) parasitic plants . 
Rubiaceae ::   the rubiaceae are a family of flowering plants , commonly known as the coffee , madder , or bedstraw family . 
Uncaria ::   uncaria is a genus of flowering plants in the family rubiaceae . 
Cubomania ::   cubomania is a surrealist method of making collages in which a picture or image is cut into squares and the squares are then reassembled without regard for the original image , either automatically " or at random . " 
Rubus ::   rubus is a large and diverse genus of flowering plants in the rose family , rosaceae , subfamily rosoideae , with 250–700 species . 
Rolemaster ::   rolemaster is a role - playing game published by iron crown enterprises . 
Hypanthium ::   in angiosperms , a hypanthium or floral cup is a structure where basal portions of the calyx , the corolla , and the stamens form a cup - shaped tube . 
Amphitheatre ::   an amphitheatre or amphitheater is an open - air venue used for entertainment , performances , and sports . 
Southwark ::   southwark ( ) is a district of central london and part of the london borough of southwark . 
Gentianales ::   gentianales is an order of flowering plants , included within the asterid clade of eudicots . 
Maloideae ::   the maloideae c.weber was the apple subfamily , a grouping used by some taxonomists within the rose family , rosaceae . 
Amygdaloideae ::   amygdaloideae is a subfamily within the flowering plant family rosaceae . 
Rosoideae ::   the rose subfamily rosoideae consists of more than 850 species , including many shrubs , perennial herbs , and fruit plants such as strawberries and brambles . 
Spiraeoideae ::   the subfamily spiraeoideae was traditionally a subfamily of flowering plants within family rosaceae . 
Tocopherol ::   tocopherols ( tcp ) are a class of organic chemical compounds ( more precisely , various methylated phenols ) , many of which have vitamin e activity . because the vitamin activity was first identified in 1936 from a dietary fertility factor in rats , it was given the name " tocopherol " from the greek words " τόκος " [ " tókos " , birth ] , and " φέρειν " , [ " phérein " , to bear or carry ] meaning in sum " to carry a pregnancy , " with the ending " -ol " signifying its status as a chemical alcohol . 
Retinol ::   retinol , also known as vitamin a , is a vitamin found in food and used as a dietary supplement . 
Fortune-telling ::   fortune - telling is the practice of predicting information about a person 's life . 
Folate ::   folate , forms of which are known as folic acid and vitamin b9 , is one of the b vitamins . 
Biotin ::   biotin is a water - soluble b - vitamin , also called vitamin b and formerly known as vitamin h or coenzyme r. it is composed of a ureido ring fused with a tetrahydrothiophene ring . 
Rhyolite ::   rhyolite is an igneous , volcanic rock , of felsic ( silica - rich ) composition ( typically > 69% sio – see the tas classification ) . 
Breccia ::   breccia ( or ) is a rock composed of broken fragments of minerals or rock cemented together by a fine - grained matrix that can be similar to or different from the composition of the fragments . 
Breadfruit ::   breadfruit ( " artocarpus altilis " ) is a species of flowering tree in the mulberry and jackfruit family ( " moraceae " ) originating in the south pacific and eventually spreading to the rest of oceania . 
Bremsstrahlung ::   bremsstrahlung ( , from " to brake " and " radiation " ; i.e. , " braking radiation " or " deceleration radiation " ) is electromagnetic radiation produced by the deceleration of a charged particle when deflected by another charged particle , typically an electron by an atomic nucleus . 
Dicotyledon ::   the dicotyledons , also known as dicots ( or more rarely dicotyls ) , were one of the two groups into which all the flowering plants or angiosperms were formerly divided . 
Peugeot ::   peugeot (; ; ) is a french car manufacturer , part of groupe psa . 
Terni ::   terni ( ) is a city in the southern portion of the region of umbria in central italy . 
LaserWriter ::   the laserwriter is a laser printer with built - in postscript interpreter introduced by apple computer in 1985 . 
LocalTalk ::   localtalk is a particular implementation of the physical layer of the appletalk networking system from apple computer . 
Pudelpointer ::   the pudelpointer is a versatile hunting dog breed from germany . 
Stingray ::   stingrays are a group of rays , which are cartilaginous fish related to sharks . 
Diaper ::   a diaper ( american english ) or a nappy ( british english ) is a type of underwear that allows the wearer to defecate or urinate without the use of a toilet , by absorbing or containing waste products to prevent soiling of outer clothing or the external environment . 
Trimurti ::   the trimūrti (; sanskrit : त्रिमूर्तिः " " , " three forms " ) is the trinity of supreme divinity in hinduism in which the cosmic functions of creation , maintenance , and destruction are personified as a triad of deities , typically brahma the creator , vishnu the preserver , and shiva the destroyer , though individual denominations may vary from that particular line - up . 
Vesak ::   vesākha ( pali ; ) , also known as buddha purnima and buddha day , is a holiday observed traditionally by buddhists on different days in india , sri lanka , china , japan , south korea , taiwan , nepal , tibet , bangladesh , bhutan , indonesia , singapore , vietnam , thailand , cambodia , laos , malaysia and myanmar and in other places all over the world . 
Myliobatiformes ::   myliobatiformes is one of the four orders of batoids , cartilaginous fishes related to sharks . 
Euphorbiales ::   euphorbiales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants that is not currently recognized in the most authoritative modern treatment of plant taxonomy . 
Hamamelidales ::   hamamelidales is an order of flowering plants formerly accepted in a number of systems of plant taxonomy , including the cronquist system published in 1968 and 1988 . 
Nymphaeales ::   the nymphaeales are an order of flowering plants , consisting of three families of aquatic plants , the hydatellaceae , the cabombaceae , and the nymphaeaceae ( water lilies ) . 
Tisza ::   the tisza or tisa is one of the main rivers of central europe . 
Haloragales ::   haloragales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
Fairy ::   a fairy ( also " fata " , " fay " , " fae " , " fair folk " ; from " faery " , " faerie " , " realm of the " fays " " ) is a type of mythical being or legendary creature in european folklore , a form of spirit , often described as metaphysical , supernatural , or preternatural . 
Crestones ::   the crestones are a group of four 14,000 foot ( 4,268 m ) peaks ( fourteeners ) in the sangre de cristo range above crestone , central southern colorado , comprising : snow is usually mostly melted by early july . 
Rhamnales ::   the rhamnales are an order of dicotyledon plants in the subclass rosidae . 
Dilleniales ::   the dilleniales are an order of flowering plants , potentially containing one family , dilleniaceae . 
Neo-Nazism ::   neo - nazism consists of post - world war ii militant , social or political movements seeking to revive the ideology of nazism . 
Pasigraphy ::   a pasigraphy ( from greek " pasi " ' to all ' and " graph " ' write ' ) is a writing system where each written symbol represents a concept ( rather than a word or sound or series of sounds in a spoken language ) . 
Sturmabteilung ::   the sturmabteilung ( sa ; ) , literally storm detachment , functioned as the original paramilitary wing of the nazi party ( nsdap ) . 
Pangram ::   a pangram ( , " pan gramma " , " every letter " ) or holoalphabetic sentence is a sentence using every letter of a given alphabet at least once . 
Disassembler ::   a disassembler is a computer program that translates machine language into assembly language— 
Banawá ::   the banawá ( also banawa , banavá , jafí , kitiya , banauá ) are an indigenous group living along the banawá river in the amazonas state , brazil . 
Balanjar ::   balanjar ( " baranjar " , " belenjer " , " belendzher " , " bülünjar " ) was a medieval city located in the north caucasus region , between the cities of derbent and samandar , probably on the lower sulak river . 
Tropaeolum ::   tropaeolum , commonly known as nasturtium (; literally " nose - twister " or " nose - tweaker " ) , is a genus of roughly 80 species of annual and perennial herbaceous flowering plants . 
Monday ::   monday is the day of the week between sunday and tuesday . 
Sunday ::   sunday is the day of the week after saturday but before monday . 
Triceratops ::   triceratops is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsid dinosaur that first appeared during the late maastrichtian stage of the late cretaceous period , about 68 million years ago ( mya ) in what is now north america . 
Unicycle ::   a unicycle is a vehicle that touches the ground with only one wheel . 
Trolleybus ::   a trolleybus ( also known as trolley bus , trolley coach , trackless trolley , trackless tram [ in early years ] or trolley ) is an electric bus that draws power from overhead wires ( generally suspended from roadside posts ) using spring - loaded trolley poles . 
Tangram ::   the tangram ( ) is a dissection puzzle consisting of seven flat shapes , called " tans " , which are put together to form shapes . 
Etemenanki ::   etemenanki ( sumerian 𒂍𒋼𒀭𒆠 " temple of the foundation of heaven and earth " ) is the name of a ziggurat dedicated to marduk in the city of babylon of the 6th century bce neo - babylonian dynasty . 
Falcon ::   falcons ( ) are birds of prey in the genus " falco " , which includes about 40 species . 
S-expression ::   in computing , 
Callitrichales ::   callitrichales dumort ( 1829 ) is an order of flowering plants . 
Calycerales ::   the calycerales is a valid botanic name for an order of flowering plants . 
Campanulales ::   campanulales is a valid botanic name for a plant order . 
Rubiales ::   rubiales was an order of flowering plants in the cronquist system , including the families rubiaceae and theligonaceae . 
Apron ::   an apron is a garment that is worn over other clothing and covers mainly the front of the body . 
Vertex ::   vertex ( latin : peak ; plural vertices or vertexes ) means the " top " , or the highest point of something . 
Homemaking ::   homemaking is a mainly american term for the management of a home , otherwise known as housework , housekeeping , or household management . 
Wolin ::   wolin ( , , pomeranian " wòlin " ) is the name both of a polish island in the baltic sea , just off the polish coast , and a town on that island . 
Kültepe ::   kültepe ( turkish : " ash hill " ) is an archaeological site in kayseri province , turkey . 
Dowsing ::   dowsing is a type of divination employed in attempts to locate ground water , buried metals or ores , gemstones , oil , gravesites , and many other objects and materials without the use of scientific apparatus . 
Opal ::   opal is a hydrated amorphous form of silica ( sio·"n"ho ) ; its water content may range from 3 to 21% by weight , but is usually between 6 and 10% . because of its amorphous character , it is classed as a mineraloid , unlike crystalline forms of silica , which are classed as minerals . 
Pedal ::   a pedal ( from the latin " pes " , " pedis " , meaning ' foot ' ) is a lever activated by one 's foot , sometimes called a " foot pedal " ( but all pedals are used by a foot ) . 
Syldavia ::   syldavia is a fictional country in " the adventures of tintin " , the comics series by belgian cartoonist hergé . 
Mnemosyne ::   mnemosyne ( or ; , ) , which is from the same source as the word " mnemonic " , was the personification of memory in greek mythology . 
Cadbury ::   cadbury , formerly cadbury 's , is a british multinational confectionery company wholly owned by mondelez international ( originally kraft foods ) since 2010 . 
Enxet ::   the enxet are an indigenous people of about 17,000 living in the gran chaco region of western paraguay . 
Cicada ::   the cicadas ( or ) are a superfamily , the cicadoidea , of insects in the order hemiptera ( true bugs ) . 
TeachText ::   the teachtext application is a simple text editor made by apple computer and included with system 7.1 and earlier . 
TextEdit ::   textedit is a simple , open source word processor and text editor , first featured in next 's nextstep and openstep . 
Lysander ::   lysander (; died 395 bc , , " lýsandros " ) was a spartan admiral who commanded the spartan fleet in the hellespont which defeated the athenians at aegospotami in 405 bc . 
Saturday ::   saturday is the day of the week following friday and preceding sunday . 
Friday ::   friday is the day after thursday and the day before saturday . 
Thursday ::   thursday is the day of the week following wednesday and before friday . 
Wednesday ::   wednesday is the day of the week following tuesday and preceding thursday . 
Tuesday ::   tuesday is a day of the week occurring after monday and before wednesday . 
Manowar ::   manowar is an american heavy metal band from auburn , new york . 
Chromosphere ::   the chromosphere ( literally , " sphere of color " ) is the second of the three main layers in the sun 's atmosphere and is roughly 3,000 to 5,000 kilometers deep . 
Basilica ::   a basilica is a type of building , usually a christian church , that is typically rectangular with a central nave and aisles , usually with a slightly raised platform and an apse at one or both ends . 
Co-NP-complete ::   in complexity theory , computational problems that are co - np - complete are those that are the hardest problems in co - np , in the sense that any problem in co - np can be reformulated as a special case of any co - np complete problem with only polynomial overhead . 
NP-hardness ::   np - hardness ( " n"on - deterministic " p"olynomial - time hardness ) , in computational complexity theory , is the defining property of a class of problems that are , informally , " at least as hard as the hardest problems in np " . 
P-complete ::   in complexity theory , a decision problem is p - complete ( complete for the complexity class p ) if it is in p and every problem in p can be reduced to it by an appropriate reduction . 
PSPACE-complete ::   in computational complexity theory , a decision problem is pspace - complete if it can be solved using an amount of memory that is polynomial in the input length ( polynomial space ) and if every other problem that can be solved in polynomial space can be transformed to it in polynomial time . 
NP-easy ::   in complexity theory , the complexity class np - easy is the set of function problems that are solvable in polynomial time by a deterministic turing machine with an oracle for some decision problem in np . 
NP-equivalent ::   in computational complexity theory , the complexity class np - equivalent is the set of function problems that are both np - easy and np - hard . 
EXPTIME ::   in computational complexity theory , the complexity class exptime ( sometimes called exp or dexptime ) is the set of all decision problems that have exponential runtime , i.e. , that are solvable by a deterministic turing machine in o(2 ) time , where " p"("n " ) is a polynomial function of " n " . 
RAID ::   raid ( redundant array of independent disks ) is a data storage virtualization technology that combines multiple physical disk drive components into a single logical unit for the purposes of data redundancy , performance improvement , or both . 
Kensington ::   kensington is an affluent district within the royal borough of kensington and chelsea in west london . 
Inbreeding ::   inbreeding is the production of offspring from the mating or breeding of individuals or organisms that are closely related genetically . 
Liu ::   劉 / 刘 ( liu , lao , lau , low , lauv , lieh , lieu , liew , loo , lew , liou or yu ) is a chinese surname . 
Tibetan ::   tibetan may mean : tibetan may additionally refer to : 
Cherry ::   a cherry is the fruit of many plants of the genus " prunus " , and is a fleshy drupe ( stone fruit ) . 
Termite ::   termites are eusocial insects that are classified at the taxonomic rank of infraorder isoptera , or as epifamily termitoidae within the cockroach order blattodea . 
Shellac ::   shellac is a resin secreted by the female lac bug , on trees in the forests of india and thailand . 
Biogas ::   biogas typically refers to a mixture of different gases produced by the breakdown of organic matter in the absence of oxygen . 
Eutrophication ::   eutrophication ( greek : " eutrophia " ( from " eu " " well " + " trephein " " nourish " . ) ; ) , or more precisely hypertrophication , is the enrichment of a water body with nutrients , usually with an excess amount of nutrients . 
Robbery ::   robbery is the crime of taking or attempting to take anything of value by force , threat of force or by putting the victim in fear . 
Harlem ::   harlem is a large neighborhood in the northern section of the new york city borough of manhattan . 
Plumbaginales ::   plumbaginales is an order of flowering plants . 
Telomere ::   a telomere is a region of repetitive nucleotide sequences at each end of a chromosome , which protects the end of the chromosome from deterioration or from fusion with neighboring chromosomes . 
Tonkatsu ::   , is a japanese dish which consists of a breaded , deep - fried pork cutlet . 
Chlorofluorocarbon ::   chlorofluorocarbons ( cfcs ) are fully halogenated paraffin hydrocarbons that contain only carbon , chlorine , and fluorine , produced as volatile derivative of methane , ethane , and propane . 
Dew ::   dew is water in the form of droplets that appears on thin , exposed objects in the morning or evening due to condensation . 
Cockfight ::   a cockfight is a blood sport between two cocks , or gamecocks , held in a ring called a cockpit . 
Cardonald ::   cardonald ( , ) is an outlying suburb of the scottish city of glasgow . 
Ginger ::   ginger ( " zingiber officinale " ) is a flowering plant whose rhizome , ginger root or simply ginger , is widely used as a spice or a folk medicine . 
Fumarole ::   a fumarole ( or " fumerole " - the word ultimately comes from the latin " fumus " , " smoke " ) is an opening in a planet 's crust , often in areas surrounding volcanoes , which emits steam and gases such as carbon dioxide , sulfur dioxide , hydrogen chloride , and hydrogen sulfide . 
Goldwasser ::   danziger goldwasser ( , " vodka of gdańsk " ) , with goldwasser as the registered tradename , is a strong ( 35% abv ) root and herbal liqueur which has been produced since at least 1598 in danzig ( gdańsk ) . 
Ebenales ::   ebenales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants . 
Yaoi ::   the main characters in yaoi usually conform to the formula of the " seme " ( the " top " , or dominant figure ) who pursues the " uke " ( the " bottom " , or passive figure ) . 
Lecythidales ::   lecythidales is a botanical name at the rank of order . 
Olybrius ::   olybrius ( ) ( died october 22 or november 2 , 472 ) was western roman emperor from april or may 472 until his death ; his rule was not recognised as legitimate by the eastern roman empire . 
Pantone ::   pantone inc. is a corporation headquartered in carlstadt , new jersey . 
Montesquieu ::   charles - louis de secondat , baron de la brède et de montesquieu (; ; 18 january 1689 – 10 february 1755 ) , generally referred to as simply montesquieu , was a french lawyer , man of letters , and political philosopher who lived during the age of enlightenment . 
Geophysics ::   geophysics is a subject of natural science concerned with the physical processes and physical properties of the earth and its surrounding space environment , and the use of quantitative methods for their analysis . 
Snail ::   snail is a common name loosely applied to shelled gastropods . 
Upcard ::   an upcard is a face up playing card . 
Marillion ::   marillion are a british rock band , formed in aylesbury , buckinghamshire , in 1979 . 
Scotia ::   scotia is a latin placename derived from " scoti " , a latin name for the gaels . 
Abenaki ::   the abenaki ( abnaki , abinaki , alnôbak ) are a native american tribe and first nation . 
Gait ::   gait is the pattern of movement of the limbs of animals , including humans , during locomotion over a solid substrate . 
Ogonek ::   the ogonek ( polish : , " little tail " , the diminutive of " ogon " ; , " nasal " ) is a diacritic hook placed under the lower right corner of a vowel in the latin alphabet used in several european languages , and directly under a vowel in several native american languages . 
Fragaria ::   fragaria is a genus of flowering plants in the rose family , rosaceae , commonly known as strawberries for their edible fruits . 
Shellfish ::   shellfish is a culinary and fisheries term for exoskeleton - bearing aquatic invertebrates used as food , including various species of molluscs , crustaceans , and echinoderms . 
Capparales ::   capparales is a botanical name of an order of flowering plants . 
Batales ::   batales is a botanical name of an order of flowering plants . 
Nepenthales ::   nepenthales ( nepenthales bercht . & j.presl ) is an order of carnivorous flowering plants in the cronquist system of plant classification . 
Primulales ::   primulales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants . 
Puyi ::   puyi (; 7   february 190617 october 1967 ) , of the manchu aisin gioro clan , commonly known as pu yi , was the last emperor of china and the twelfth and final ruler of the qing dynasty . 
Slaughterhouse ::   a slaughterhouse or abattoir is a facility where animals are slaughtered for consumption as food . 
Theales ::   theales is a botanical name at the rank of order . 
Scythians ::   the scythians or scyths ( from greek , in indo - persian context also " saka " ) were a group of iranian people , and eurasian nomads who inhabited the western and central eurasian steppes from about the 9th century bc until about the 1st century bc . 
Cabbage ::   cabbage or headed cabbage ( comprising several cultivars of brassica oleracea ) is a leafy green or purple biennial plant , grown as an annual vegetable crop for its dense - leaved heads . 
Dubrovnik ::   dubrovnik (; historically ragusa ) is a croatian city on the adriatic sea , in the region of dalmatia . 
Juggernaut ::   a juggernaut ( , , ) , in current english usage , is a literal or metaphorical force regarded as mercilessly destructive and unstoppable . 
Shambles ::   " shambles " is an obsolete term for an open - air slaughterhouse and meat market . 
Genomics ::   genomics is an interdisciplinary field of science within the field of molecular biology . 
Proteomics ::   proteomics is the large - scale study of proteins . 
Biotope ::   a biotope is an area of uniform environmental conditions providing a living place for a specific assemblage of plants and animals . 
Restionales ::   restionales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
Juncales ::   juncales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
Hydatellales ::   hydatellales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
Typhales ::   typhales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
Dolomites ::   the dolomites ( ; ladin : " dolomites " ; ; : ) are a mountain range located in northeastern italy . 
Buckminsterfullerene ::   buckminsterfullerene ( or bucky - ball ) is a spherical fullerene molecule with the formula c. it has a cage - like fused - ring structure ( truncated icosahedron ) which resembles a soccer ball ( football ) , made of twenty hexagons and twelve pentagons , with a carbon atom at each vertex of each polygon and a bond along each polygon edge . 
Bushranger ::   bushrangers were originally escaped convicts in the early years of the british settlement of australia who had the survival skills necessary to use the australian bush as a refuge to hide from the authorities . 
Titus ::   titus (; 30 december 39 ad – 13 september 81 ad ) was roman emperor from 79 to 81 . 
Øresund ::   øresund or öresund ( , ; , ) , commonly known in english as the sound , is a strait which forms the danish – swedish border , separating zealand ( denmark ) from scania ( sweden ) . 
Manchukuo ::   manchukuo ( ) was a puppet state in northeast china and inner mongolia , which was governed under a form of constitutional monarchy . 
Caracas ::   caracas (; ) , officially santiago de león de caracas , is the capital , the center of the greater caracas area , and the largest city of venezuela . 
Allergy ::   allergies , also known as allergic diseases , are a number of conditions caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to something in the environment that usually causes little or no problem in most people . 
Deacon ::   deacon is an office in christian churches that is generally associated with service of some kind , but which varies among theological and denominational traditions . 
Postcard ::   a postcard or post card is a rectangular piece of thick paper or thin cardboard intended for writing and mailing without an envelope . 
Westport ::   westport is the name of several communities around the world . 
Discounting ::   discounting is a financial mechanism in which a debtor obtains the right to delay payments to a creditor , for a defined period of time , in exchange for a charge or fee . 
Cash ::   in economics , cash is money in the physical form of currency , such as banknotes and coins . 
SIMD ::   single instruction , multiple data ( simd ) , is a class of parallel computers in flynn 's taxonomy . 
AltiVec ::   altivec is a single - precision floating point and integer simd instruction set designed and owned by apple , ibm , and freescale semiconductor ( formerly motorola 's semiconductor products sector ) — the aim alliance . 
ELDIS ::   eldis is a database and email service of information sources on international development . 
Supernatural ::   the supernatural ( medieval latin : " supernātūrālis " : " supra " " above " + " naturalis " " natural " , first used : 1520–1530 ad ) includes all that can not be explained by the laws of nature , including things characteristic of or relating to ghosts , gods , or other types of spirits and other non - material beings , or to things beyond nature . 
Ashkelon ::   ashkelon ( also spelled ashqelon and ascalon ; ; " ") is a coastal city in the southern district of israel on the mediterranean coast , south of tel aviv , and north of the border with the gaza strip . 
Hadean ::   the hadean ( ) is a geologic eon of the earth predating the archean . 
Silenus ::   in greek mythology , silenus (; greek : σειληνός " seilēnos " ) was a companion and tutor to the wine god dionysus . 
Catch-22 ::   catch-22 is a satirical novel by american author joseph heller . 
Bábism ::   bábism ( , " babiyye " ) , also known as the bayání faith ( arabic : , " bayání " ) , is an abrahamic monotheistic religion which professes that there is one incorporeal , unknown , and incomprehensible god who manifests his will in an unending series of theophanies , called manifestations of god ( arabic : ) . 
NeWS ::   news ( network extensible window system ) is a discontinued windowing system developed by sun microsystems in the mid-1980s . 
Donkey ::   the donkey or ass ( " equus africanus asinus " ) is a domesticated member of the horse family , equidae . 
Clam ::   clam is a common name for several kinds of bivalve molluscs . 
Timeslip ::   timeslip is a british children 's science fiction television series made by atv for the itv network and broadcast between 1970 and 1971 . 
Odessa ::   odessa or odesa ( , ; ) is the third most populous city of ukraine and a major tourism center , seaport and transportation hub located on the northwestern shore of the black sea . 
Tariff ::   a tariff is a tax on imports or exports between sovereign states . 
UDMA ::   the ultra dma ( ultra direct memory access , udma ) interface was the fastest method used to transfer data through the ata controller , usually between the computer and an ata device . 
Timeline ::   a timeline is a display of a list of events in chronological order . 
Gout ::   gout is a form of inflammatory arthritis characterized by recurrent attacks of a red , tender , hot , and swollen joint . 
Peanut ::   a peanut ( " arachis hypogaea " ) , also known as a groundnut or goober , is a legume crop grown mainly for its edible seeds . 
Stimulus ::   a stimulus is something that causes a physiological response : it may also refer to : 
Haifa ::   haifa ( ' ; ' ) is the third - largest city in the state of israel after jerusalem and tel aviv , with a population of in . 
Discriminant ::   in algebra , the discriminant of a polynomial is a polynomial function of its coefficients , which allows deducing some properties of the roots without computing them . 
Cotyledon ::   a cotyledon (; " seed leaf " from latin " cotyledon " , from greek : κοτυληδών " kotylēdōn " , gen . : κοτυληδόνος " kotylēdonos " , from κοτύλη " kotýlē " " cup , bowl " ) is a significant part of the embryo within the seed of a plant , and is defined by the oxford english dictionary as " the primary leaf in the embryo of the higher plants ( phanerogams ) ; the seed - leaf . " 
Monocotyledon ::   monocotyledons ( ) , commonly referred to as monocots , ( lilianae " sensu " chase & reveal ) are flowering plants ( angiosperms ) whose seeds typically contain only one embryonic leaf , or cotyledon . 
Region ::   in geography , regions are areas that are broadly divided by physical characteristics ( physical geography ) , human impact characteristics ( human geography ) , and the interaction of humanity and the environment ( environmental geography ) . 
Luton ::   luton ( ) is a large town in bedfordshire , england , east of aylesbury , west of stevenage , northwest of london , and southeast of milton keynes . 
Connotation ::   a connotation is a commonly understood cultural or emotional association that some word or phrase carries , in addition to its explicit or literal meaning , which is its denotation . 
Buckinghamshire ::   buckinghamshire ( or ) , abbreviated bucks , is a county in south east england which borders greater london to the south east , berkshire to the south , oxfordshire to the west , northamptonshire to the north , bedfordshire to the north east and hertfordshire to the east . 
Turquoise ::   turquoise is an opaque , blue - to - green mineral that is a hydrated phosphate of copper and aluminium , with the chemical formula cual(po)(oh)·4ho . 
Mirage ::   a mirage is a naturally occurring optical phenomenon in which light rays bend to produce a displaced image of distant objects or the sky . 
Parenting ::   parenting or child rearing is the process of promoting and supporting the physical , emotional , social , and intellectual development of a child from infancy to adulthood . 
Medicaid ::   medicaid in the united states is a joint federal and state program that helps with medical costs for some people with limited income and resources . 
Thessaly ::   thessaly ( , " thessalía " ; ancient thessalian : , " petthalía " ) is a traditional geographic and modern administrative region of greece , comprising most of the ancient region of the same name . 
Lend-Lease ::   the lend - lease policy , formally titled " an act to promote the defense of the united states " , ( ) was a program under which the united states supplied free france , the united kingdom , the republic of china , and later the soviet union and other allied nations with food , oil , and materiel between 1941 and august 1945 . 
Linz ::   linz (; ; ) is the third - largest city of austria and capital of the state of upper austria ( ) . 
Innsbruck ::   innsbruck ( , ) is the capital city of tyrol in western austria . 
Vienna ::   vienna (; , ) is the capital and largest city of austria and one of the nine states of austria . 
Cyclops ::   a cyclops ( ; , " kyklōps " ; plural cyclopes ; , " kyklōpes " ) , in greek mythology and later roman mythology , is a member of a primordial race of giants , each with a single eye in the center of his forehead . 
Tabard ::   a tabard is a short coat common for men during the middle ages . 
Naples ::   naples (; , neapolitan : " napule " or ; ; , meaning " new city " ) is the capital of the italian region campania and the third - largest municipality in italy after rome and milan . 
Triglav ::   triglav (; , ) , with an elevation of , is the highest mountain in slovenia and the highest peak of the julian alps . 
GNUstep ::   gnustep is a free software implementation of the cocoa ( formerly openstep ) objective - c frameworks , widget toolkit , and application development tools for unix - like operating systems and microsoft windows . 
Ragusa ::   ragusa is the historical name of dubrovnik . 
Belgrade ::   belgrade ( ; ; ; ) is the capital and largest city of serbia . 
Zagreb ::   zagreb ( ) is the capital and the largest city of croatia . 
Prostatitis ::   prostatitis ( less commonly prostatosis ) is inflammation of the prostate gland . 
Prostate ::   the prostate ( from ancient greek προστάτης , " prostates " , literally " one who stands before " , " protector " , " guardian " ) is a compound tubuloalveolar exocrine gland of the male reproductive system in most mammals . 
Governor-general ::   governor - general or governor general ( plural " governors - general " ) , in modern usage , is the title of an office - holder appointed to represent the monarch of a sovereign state in the governing of an independent realm . 
Chronology ::   chronology ( from latin " chronologia " , from ancient greek , " chrónos " , " time " ; and , " -logia " ) is the science of arranging events in their order of occurrence in time . 
Eh ::   eh ( or ) is a spoken interjection in english that is similar in meaning to " excuse me ? , " " please repeat that " , or " huh ? " . 
Politician ::   a politician is a person active in party politics , or a person holding or seeking office in government . 
Makefile ::   a makefile is a file containing a set of directives used with the make build automation tool . 
Tongue ::   the tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication , and is used in the act of swallowing . 
Trieste ::   trieste (; ; ) is a city in northeastern italy , with the only free port and free zone combination in europe . 
Kerchief ::   a kerchief ( from the french " couvre - chef " , " head cover " ) also known as a bandana or bandanna , is a triangular or square piece of cloth tied around the head or around the neck for protective or decorative purposes . 
Ouagadougou ::   ouagadougou (; ; mossi : ) is the capital of burkina faso and the administrative , communications , cultural and economic centre of the nation . 
Wildfire ::   a wildfire or wildland fire is a fire in an area of combustible vegetation that occurs in the countryside or rural area . 
Urbanization ::   urbanization refers to the population shift from rural to urban areas , " the gradual increase in the proportion of people living in urban areas " , and the ways in which each society adapts to the change . 
Takeover ::   in business , a takeover is the purchase of one company ( the " target " ) by another ( the " acquirer " , or " bidder " ) . 
Hispanic ::   the term hispanic ( or ) broadly refers to the people , nations , and cultures that have a historical link to spain . 
Sorghum ::   sorghum is a genus of flowering plants in the grass family poaceae . 
Sioux ::   the sioux also known as dakota , are groups of native american tribes and first nations peoples in north america . 
Cheyenne ::   the cheyenne ( ) are one of the indigenous peoples of the great plains and their language is of the algonquian language family . 
Butanol ::   butanol ( also called butyl alcohol ) is a four - carbon alcohol with a formula of choh , which occurs in five isomeric structures , from a straight - chain primary alcohol to a branched - chain tertiary alcohol ; all are a butyl or isobutyl group linked to a hydroxyl group ( sometimes represented as buoh , n "- buoh , and i "- buoh ) . 
Thiruvananthapuram ::   thiruvananthapuram ( ) , also known as trivandrum , is the capital and the largest city of the indian state of kerala . 
Kozhikode ::   kozhikode ( ) , or calicut , is a metropolitan city in the state of kerala in southern india on the malabar coast . 
Taranto ::   taranto (; early italian : " tarento " from ; ancient greek : " tarās " ; modern greek : " tarantas " ; tarantino " tarde " ) is a coastal city in apulia , southern italy . 
Mainstream ::   mainstream is current thought that is widespread . 
Ophthalmology ::   ophthalmology ( or ) is the branch of medicine that deals with the anatomy , physiology and diseases of the eyeball and orbit . 
Starship ::   a starship , starcraft or interstellar spacecraft is a theoretical spacecraft designed for traveling between planetary systems , as opposed to an aerospace - vehicle designed for orbital spaceflight or interplanetary travel . the term is mostly found in science fiction , because such craft have never been constructed . 
Parnall ::   parnall was a british aircraft manufacturer , that evolved from a wood - working company before the first world war to a significant designer of military and civil aircraft into the 1940s . 
Castor ::   castor most commonly refers to : castor or castor may also refer to : 
VT100 ::   the vt100 is a video terminal , introduced in august 1978 by digital equipment corporation ( dec ) . 
Linen ::   linen is a textile made from the fibers of the flax plant . 
Surcoat ::   a surcoat or surcote initially was an outer garment commonly worn in the middle ages by both men and women in western europe . 
Poaceae ::   poaceae or gramineae is a large and nearly ubiquitous family of monocotyledonous flowering plants known as grasses . 
Oersted ::   the oersted ( symbol oe ) is the unit of the auxiliary magnetic field h in the centimetre– 
Electrum ::   electrum is a naturally occurring alloy of gold and silver , with trace amounts of copper and other metals . 
Acrochordon ::   an acrochordon ( plural acrochorda ; also skin tag , skin polyp , fibroepithelial polyp , fibrovascular papilloma , soft fibroma , fibroma molle ) is a small benign tumor that forms primarily in areas where the skin forms creases , such as the neck , armpit , and groin . 
Dairy ::   a dairy is a business enterprise established for the harvesting or processing ( or both ) of animal milk – mostly from cows or goats , but also from buffaloes , sheep , horses , or camels – for human consumption . 
Cichlid ::   cichlids are fish from the family cichlidae in the order perciformes . 
Governor ::   a governor is , in most cases , a public official with the power to govern the executive branch of a non - sovereign or sub - national level of government , ranking under the head of state . 
Flour ::   flour is a substance , generally a powder , made by grinding raw grains or roots and used to make many different foods . 
Acrylamide ::   acrylamide ( or acrylic amide ) is a chemical compound with the chemical formula chno . 
Premier ::   premier is a title for the head of government in some countries , states and sub - national governments . 
Ixtab ::   at the time of the spanish conquest of yucatan ( 1527 - 1546 ) , ix tab , or ixtab ( [ iʃˈtaɓ ] , ' woman whose work involves the use of a rope ' ) , was the indigenous mayan goddess of suicide by hanging . 
Thymus ::   the thymus is a specialized primary lymphoid organ of the immune system . 
Kochi ::   kochi ( ) , also known as cochin ( ) , is a major port city on the south - west coast of india by the laccadive sea . 
Rhubarb ::   rhubarb ( " rheum rhabarbarum " ) is a species of plant in the family polygonaceae . 
Disability ::   disability is an impairment that may be cognitive , developmental , intellectual , mental , physical , sensory , or some combination of these . 
Dagobah ::   dagobah is a star system in the " star wars " films " the empire strikes back " and " return of the jedi " . 
Zoning ::   zoning is the process of dividing land in a municipality into zones ( e.g. residential , industrial ) in which certain land uses are permitted or prohibited . 
Mango ::   mangoes are juicy stone fruit ( drupe ) from numerous species of tropical trees belonging to the flowering plant genus " mangifera " , cultivated mostly for their edible fruit . 
Khat ::   khat ( " catha edulis " , " qat " from ) is a flowering plant native to the horn of africa and the arabian peninsula . 
Necromancy ::   necromancy ( ) is a supposed practice of magic involving communication with the deceased – either by summoning their spirit as an apparition or raising them bodily – for the purpose of divination , imparting the means to foretell future events or discover hidden knowledge , to bring someone back from the dead , or to use the deceased as a weapon , as the term may sometimes be used in a more general sense to refer to black magic or witchcraft . 
Root ::   in vascular plants , the root is the organ of a plant that typically lies below the surface of the soil . 
Llandaff ::   llandaff (; ) ; from " " ' church ' and " taf " , is a district and community in the north of cardiff , capital of wales , having been incorporated into the city in 1922 . 
Mangifera ::   mangifera is a genus of flowering plants in the cashew family , anacardiaceae . 
Sorbitol ::   sorbitol ( ) , less commonly known as glucitol ( ) , is a sugar alcohol with a sweet taste which the human body metabolizes slowly . 
Freeflying ::   freeflying is a skydiving discipline which began in the late 1980s , involving freefalling in various vertical orientations , as opposed to the traditional " belly - to - earth " orientation . 
Aniara ::   aniara ( ) is a poem of science fiction written by swedish nobel laureate harry martinson in 1956 . 
Arnhem ::   arnhem or ( or ; , west frisian : " arnhim " , south guelderish : " èrnem " ) is a city and municipality , situated in the eastern part of the netherlands . 
Obesity ::   obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a negative effect on health . 
Fowler ::   fowler can refer to : 
Jeans ::   jeans are a type of pants , typically made from denim or dungaree cloth . 
Apraxia ::   apraxia is a motor disorder caused by damage to the brain ( specifically the posterior parietal cortex ) , in which the individual has difficulty with the motor planning to perform tasks or movements when asked , provided that the request or command is understood and he / she is willing to perform the task . 
Cassava ::   manihot esculenta ( commonly called cassava ( ) , yuca , manioc , " mandioca " and brazilian arrowroot ) is a woody shrub native to south america of the spurge family , euphorbiaceae . 
Neurofibromatosis ::   neurofibromatosis ( nf ) is a group of three conditions in which tumors grow in the nervous system . 
North ::   north is a noun , adjective , or adverb indicating direction or geography . 
Bergen ::   bergen , historically bjørgvin , is a city and municipality in hordaland on the west coast of norway . , the municipality 's population was 278,121 , and the bergen metropolitan region has about 420,000 inhabitants . 
Mons ::   mons (; ; ; ) is a walloon city and municipality , and the capital of the belgian province of hainaut . 
Gand ::   gand can refer to : 
Bharatanatyam ::   bharatanatyam , sometimes referred to as bharathanatiyam or sadir , is a major genre of indian classical dance that originated in tamil nadu . 
Potash ::   potash is any of various mined and manufactured salts that contain potassium in water - soluble form . 
Angiopathy ::   angiopathy is the generic term for a disease of the blood vessels ( arteries , veins , and capillaries ) . 
Dialysis ::   in medicine , dialysis , [ from greek διάλυσις , " diàlysis " , ( " dissolution " ) , from διά , " dià " , ( " through " ) , and λύσις , ( " lỳsis ) " ( " loosening or splitting " ) ] , is the process of removing , by artificial means , excess water , solutes and toxins from the blood in those whose native kidneys have lost the ability to perform those functions . 
Capillary ::   a capillary ( in us ; in uk ) is a hollow tube 5 to 10 micrometres ( µm ) in diameter and having a wall one ( endothelial ) cell thick . 
Triglyceride ::   a triglyceride ( tg , triacylglycerol , tag , or triacylglyceride ) is an ester derived from glycerol and three fatty acids ( from " tri- " and " glyceride " ) . 
Galactose ::   galactose ( " galacto- " + " -ose " , " milk sugar " ) , sometimes abbreviated gal , is a monosaccharide sugar that is less sweet than glucose and fructose . 
Retinopathy ::   retinopathy is any damage to the retina of the eyes , which may cause vision impairment . 
Hanna-Barbera ::   hanna - barbera productions , inc. ( simply known as hanna - barbera and also referred to as h - b enterprises , h - b production company and hanna - barbera cartoons , inc. ) , founded in 1957 by former metro - goldwyn - mayer animation directors and " tom and jerry " creators william hanna and joseph barbera , is an american animation studio that serves as a division of warner bros. animation . 
Anesthesia ::   in the practice of medicine ( especially surgery and dentistry ) , anesthesia or anaesthesia is a state of temporary induced loss of sensation or awareness . 
Chronobiology ::   chronobiology is a field of biology that examines periodic ( cyclic ) phenomena in living organisms and their adaptation to solar- and lunar - related rhythms . 
Pleiades ::   in astronomy , the pleiades ( or ) , or seven sisters ( messier 45 or m45 ) , are an open star cluster containing middle - aged , hot b - type stars located in the constellation of taurus . 
Ashgabat ::   ashgabat ( , ; ) — named poltoratsk ( ) between 1919 and 1927 , is the capital and the largest city of turkmenistan in central asia , situated between the karakum desert and the kopet dag mountain range . 
Guignol ::   guignol is the main character in a french puppet show which has come to bear his name . 
Achondroplasia ::   achondroplasia is a common cause of dwarfism . 
Khabarovsk ::   khabarovsk (; ; ) is the largest city and the administrative center of khabarovsk krai , russia , located from the chinese border , at the confluence of the amur and ussuri rivers , about north of vladivostok . 
Antananarivo ::   antananarivo , called tananarive in french and also known by its colonial shorthand form tana , is the capital and largest city of madagascar . 
Astana ::   astana ( , ; ) is the capital city of kazakhstan . 
Bamako ::   bamako is the capital and largest city of mali , with a population of 1.8 million ( 2009 census , provisional ) . 
Bangkok ::   bangkok ( , ) is the capital and most populous city of the kingdom of thailand . 
Bangui ::   bangui ( ) , or bangî in sango , formerly written bangi in english , is the capital and largest city of the central african republic . 
Basseterre ::   basseterre , estimated population 13,000 in 2011 , is the capital of saint kitts and nevis . 
Calamondin ::   calamondin ( × " citrofortunella microcarpa " or × " citrofortunella mitis " ) is an important citrofortunella , meaning that it is an intergenetic hybrid between a member of the genus " citrus " ( in this case probably the mandarin orange ) and the kumquat , formerly considered as belonging to a separate genus " fortunella " . 
Belmopan ::   belmopan ( ) is the capital city of belize . 
Bissau ::   bissau is the capital city of guinea - bissau . 
Bridgetown ::   bridgetown ( un / locode : bb bgi ) is the capital and largest city of barbados . 
Bujumbura ::   bujumbura (; ) , formerly usumbura , is the capital , largest city , and main port of burundi . 
Castries ::   castries , population 20,000 , aggl . 
Chișinău ::   chișinău (; , also known as kishinev ( ) , is the capital and largest city of the republic of moldova . 
Colombo ::   colombo (; " kolamba " , ; ) is the commercial capital and largest city of sri lanka . 
Conakry ::   conakry ( sosso : " kɔnakiri " ) is the capital and largest city of guinea . 
Cotonou ::   cotonou ( ) , is the largest city and economic centre of benin . 
Dhaka ::   dhaka ( , ; or ) is the capital and largest city of bangladesh . 
Dodoma ::   dodoma ( literally " it has sunk " in gogo ) , officially dodoma urban district , is the national capital of tanzania and the capital of dodoma region , with a population of 410,956 . 
Dushanbe ::   dushanbe ( , " duşanbe " ) is the capital and largest city of tajikistan . 
Freetown ::   freetown is the capital and largest city of sierra leone . 
Gaborone ::   gaborone is situated between kgale and oodi hills , near the confluence notwane river and segoditshane river in the south - eastern corner of botswana , and from the south african border . 
Hanoi ::   hanoi ( or ; , ) is the capital of the socialist republic of vietnam and the country 's second largest city by population . 
Apricot ::   an apricot is a fruit , or the tree that bears the fruit , of several species in the genus " prunus " ( stone fruits ) . 
Harare ::   harare (; officially called salisbury until 1982 ) is the capital and most populous city of zimbabwe . 
Kampala ::   kampala is the capital and largest city of uganda . 
Kigali ::   kigali ( ) , with a population of more than 1   million ( 2012 ) , is the capital and largest city of rwanda . 
Koror ::   koror is the state comprising the main commercial centre of the republic of palau . 
Keyboardist ::   a keyboardist is a musician who plays keyboard instruments . 
Azeotrope ::   an azeotrope ( uk , us ) or a constant boiling point mixture is a mixture of two or more liquids whose proportions can not be altered or changed by simple distillation . 
Quarterstaff ::   a quarterstaff ( plural quarterstaffs or quarterstaves ) , also short staff or simply staff is a traditional european pole weapon , which was especially prominent in england during the early modern period . 
Abuja ::   abuja ( ) is the capital city of nigeria located in the centre of the country within the federal capital territory ( fct ) . 
Accra ::   accra is the capital and most populous city of the greater accra region and the republic of ghana , with an estimated urban population of 2.27   million . 
Asmara ::   asmara ( ) known locally as asmera ( meaning " they [ feminine plural ] made them unite " in tigrinya ) , is the capital city and largest settlement in eritrea . 
Apia ::   apia is the capital and the largest city of samoa . 
Asunción ::   la muy noble y leal ciudad de nuestra señora santa maría de la asunción ( , , ) is the capital and largest city of paraguay . 
Munster ::   munster ( , ) is one of the provinces of ireland situated in the south of ireland . 
Irkutsk ::   irkutsk ( ) is a city and the administrative center of irkutsk oblast , russia , and one of the largest cities in siberia . 
Tatars ::   the tatars ( ) ; ( ) are turkic - speaking people living in asia and europe . 
Plum ::   a plum is a fruit of the subgenus " prunus " of the genus " prunus . " 
Limerick ::   limerick (; ) is a city in county limerick , ireland . 
Pineapple ::   the pineapple ( " ananas comosus " ) is a tropical plant with an edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries , also called pineapples , and the most economically significant plant in the bromeliaceae family . 
Hawk ::   hawks are a group of medium - sized diurnal birds of prey of the family accipitridae . 
Moskva ::   moskva is a transliteration of " " , meaning moscow in the russian language . 
Jiankang ::   jiankang ( ) , or jianye ( ) , as it was originally called , was the capital city of the eastern wu ( 229–265 and 266–280 ce ) , the jin dynasty ( 317–420 ce ) and the southern dynasties ( 420–552 and 557–589 ce ) . 
Libreville ::   libreville is the capital and largest city of gabon , in western central africa . 
Lilongwe ::   lilongwe (; or ) is the largest and capital city of malawi with an estimated population of 1,077,116 for 2015 . 
Majuro ::   majuro (; marshallese : , ) is the capital and largest city of the republic of the marshall islands . 
Malé ::   malé ( , ) is the capital and most populous city in the republic of maldives . 
Managua ::   managua ( ) is the capital city of nicaragua as well as of the department of the same name . 
Maputo ::   maputo ( ) , known as lourenço marques before independence , is the capital and largest city of mozambique . 
Maseru ::   maseru is the capital and largest city of lesotho . 
Mbabane ::   mbabane ( , ) is the capital and largest city in swaziland . 
Muscat ::   muscat ( , ) is the capital and of oman . 
N'Djamena ::   n’djamena (; ; " injāmīnā " ) is the capital and largest city of chad . 
Niamey ::   niamey ( ) is the capital and largest city of the west african country niger . 
Nicosia ::   nicosia ( ; ; ) is the largest city on the island of cyprus . 
Lomé ::   lomé , with a population of 837,437 ( metro population 1,570,283 ) , is the capital and largest city of togo . 
Copra ::   copra is the dried meat , or dried kernel , of the coconut used to extract coconut oil . 
Pentaerythritol ::   pentaerythritol is an organic compound , a white , crystalline solid with the formula cho . 
Tetryl ::   2,4,6-trinitrophenylmethylnitramine commonly referred to as tetryl ( chno ) is an explosive compound used to make detonators and explosive booster charges . 
HMX ::   hmx , also called octogen , is a powerful and relatively insensitive nitroamine high explosive , chemically related to rdx . 
Taro ::   taro ( ) commonly refers to the plant " colocasia esculenta " , the most widely cultivated species of several plants in the araceae family which are used as vegetables for their corms , leaves , and petioles . 
Lettuce ::   lettuce ( " lactuca sativa " ) is an annual plant of the daisy family , asteraceae . 
Tartarus ::   in greek mythology , tartarus (; " tartaros " ) is the deep abyss that is used as a dungeon of torment and suffering for the wicked and as the prison for the titans . 
Megiddo ::   megiddo is the name of a biblical city . 
Radiohalo ::   radiohalos or pleochroic halos are microscopic , spherical shells of discolouration within minerals such as biotite that occur in granite and other igneous rocks . 
Chickpea ::   the chickpea or chick pea ( ' ) is a legume of the family fabaceae , subfamily faboideae . 
Vaalserberg ::   the vaalserberg is a hill with a height of 322.4 metres ( 1,058   ft ) above nap and the highest point in mainland netherlands . 
Drenthe ::   drenthe ( ) is a province of the netherlands , located in the northeast of the country . 
Overijssel ::   overijssel (; dutch low saxon : " oaveriessel " ) is a province of the netherlands in the central - eastern part of the country . 
Gelderland ::   gelderland ( , also guelders in english ) is a province of the netherlands , located in the central eastern part of the country . 
Cajuns ::   cajuns (; or " les acadiens " , ) are an ethnic group mainly living in the u.s. state of louisiana , consisting in part of the descendants of acadian exiles— 
HVAC ::   heating , ventilation , and air conditioning ( hvac ) is the technology of indoor and vehicular environmental comfort . 
Nunchaku ::   the exact origin of nunchaku is unclear . 
Verulamium ::   verulamium was a town in roman britain . 
Muscogee ::   the muscogee , also known as the creek and the creek confederacy , are a closely related group of native north american tribes or indigenous peoples of the southeastern woodlands . 
TGV ::   tgv ( , " high - speed train " ) is france 's intercity high - speed rail service , operated by sncf , the national rail operator . 
Envelope ::   an envelope is a common packaging item , usually made of thin flat material . 
Protease ::   a protease ( also called a peptidase or proteinase ) is any enzyme that performs proteolysis ; protein catabolism by hydrolysis of peptide bonds . 
Geranium ::   geranium is a genus of 422 species of flowering annual , biennial , and perennial plants that are commonly known as the cranesbills . 
Economist ::   an economist is a practitioner in the social science discipline of economics . 
Nukuʻalofa ::   nukualofa is the capital of tonga . 
Paramaribo ::   paramaribo ( , nickname : par′bo ) is the capital and largest city of suriname , located on the banks of the suriname river in the paramaribo district . 
Port-au-Prince ::   port - au - prince (; ; ; ) is the capital and most populous city of haiti . 
Porto-Novo ::   porto - novo (; also known as hogbonu and ajashe ) is the capital of benin , and was the capital of french dahomey . 
Praia ::   praia ( , lit . " beach " , in both portuguese and cape verdean creole ) , is the capital and largest city of cape verde , an island nation in the atlantic ocean west of senegal . 
PILOT ::   programmed instruction , learning , or teaching ( pilot ) is a simple programming language developed in the 1960s . 
Rabat ::   rabat ( , , ) is the capital city of morocco and its second largest city with an urban population of approximately 580,000 ( 2014 ) and a metropolitan population of over 1.2 million . 
Roseau ::   roseau ( dominican creole : " wozo " ) is the capital and largest city of dominica , with a population of 14,725 ( as of 2011 ) . 
Yangon ::   yangon ( , mlcts " rankun mrui " , ; formerly known as rangoon , literally : " end of strife " ) is the capital of the yangon region of myanmar , also known as burma . 
SISAL ::   sisal ( " streams and iteration in a single assignment language " ) is a general - purpose single assignment functional programming language with strict semantics , implicit parallelism , and efficient array handling . 
Sisal ::   sisal ( , ) , with the botanical name agave sisalana , is a species of " agave " native to southern mexico but widely cultivated and naturalized in many other countries . 
Rambutan ::   the rambutan ( , taxonomic name : " nephelium lappaceum " ) is a medium - sized tropical tree in the family sapindaceae . 
SIC ::   sic , as the label " [ sic ] " found immediately following a copy of text , indicates that the source is presumed to be erroneous and has been intentionally transcribed without correction . 
Capsaicin ::   capsaicin ( ( inn ) ; 8-methyl-"n "- vanillyl-6-nonenamide ) is an active component of chili peppers , which are plants belonging to the genus " capsicum " . 
Drupe ::   in botany , a drupe ( or stone fruit ) is an indehiscent fruit in which an outer fleshy part ( exocarp , or skin ; and mesocarp , or flesh ) surrounds a single shell ( the pit , stone , or pyrene ) of hardened endocarp with a seed ( kernel ) inside . 
Tapioca ::   tapioca (; ) is a starch extracted from cassava root ( " manihot esculenta " ) . 
Sago ::   sago is a starch extracted from the spongy centre , or pith , of various tropical palm stems , especially that of " metroxylon sagu " . 
Rosidae ::   under the international code of nomenclature for algae , fungi , and plants ( icn ) , rosidae is a botanical name at the rank of subclass . 
Harrier ::   harrier can mean : 
Erythronium ::   erythronium ( fawn lily , trout lily , dog's - tooth violet , adder 's tongue ) is a genus of eurasian and north american plants in the lily family . 
Antler ::   antlers are extensions of the skull grown by members of the deer family . 
Tashkent ::   tashkent (; , " тошкент " , تاشكېنت , ; , ) is the capital and largest city of uzbekistan in central asia , with a population in 2012 of 2,309,300 . 
Xenopus ::   xenopus ( ) ( gk . , ξενος , " xenos" = strange , πους , " pous" = foot , commonly known as the clawed frog ) is a genus of highly aquatic frogs native to sub - saharan africa . 
Cocopah ::   the cocopah , also cocopá or kwapa , are native americans who live in baja california and sonora , mexico , and in arizona in the united states . 
Predation ::   in an ecosystem , predation is a biological interaction where a predator ( an organism that is hunting ) feeds on its prey ( the organism that is attacked ) . 
Diastase ::   a diastase (; from greek διαστασις , " separation " ) is any one of a group of enzymes which catalyses the breakdown of starch into maltose . 
Cake ::   cake is a form of sweet dessert that is typically baked . 
Olomouc ::   olomouc ( , ; locally or ; ; latin : " olomucium " or " iuliomontium " ; ) is a city in moravia , in the east of the czech republic . 
Brno ::   brno (; , german : " brünn " ) is the second largest city in the czech republic by population and area , the largest moravian city , and the historical capital city of the margraviate of moravia . 
Limassol ::   limassol (; ; or ) is a city on the southern coast of cyprus and capital of the eponymous district . 
Basra ::   basra ( " al - baṣrah " ) , is an iraqi city located on the shatt al - arab between kuwait and iran . 
Dragonfly ::   a dragonfly is an insect belonging to the order odonata , infraorder anisoptera ( from greek ἄνισος " anisos " , " uneven " and πτερόν " pteron " , " wing " , because the hindwing is broader than the forewing ) . 
Multituberculata ::   multituberculata ( commonly known as multituberculates , named for the multiple tubercles of their teeth ) is an extinct taxon of rodent - like allotherian mammals that existed for approximately one hundred and sixty - six million years , the longest fossil history of any mammal lineage . 
Kodak ::   the eastman kodak company ( referred to simply as kodak ) is an american technology company that produces imaging products with its historic basis on photography . 
Monsoon ::   monsoon ( ) is traditionally defined as a seasonal reversing wind accompanied by corresponding changes in precipitation , but is now used to describe seasonal changes in atmospheric circulation and precipitation associated with the asymmetric heating of land and sea . 
Sofia ::   sofia ( or or ; , " " , ) is the capital and largest city of bulgaria . 
Taipei ::   taipei ( ) , officially known as taipei city , is the capital and a special municipality of taiwan ( officially known as the republic of china , " roc " ) . 
Tehran ::   tehran ( , ) is the capital of iran and tehran province . 
Thimphu ::   thimphu (; ; formerly spelled as thimbu or thimpu ) is the capital and largest and only city of the kingdom of bhutan . 
Tunis ::   tunis ( " ") is the capital and the largest city of tunisia . 
Valletta ::   valletta (; ) is the capital city of malta , colloquially known as il - belt (; lit . " 
Windhoek ::   windhoek ( ; afrikaans : ; german : " " ; ; ) is the capital and largest city of the republic of namibia . 
Yaoundé ::   yaoundé ( , ; ; ) is the capital of cameroon and , with a population of approximately 2.5 million , the second largest city in the country after the port city douala . 
Buryats ::   the buryats ( buryat : буряад , " buryaad " ; ) , numbering approximately 500,000 , are the largest indigenous group in siberia , mainly concentrated in their homeland , the buryat republic , a federal subject of russia . 
Ulan-Ude ::   ulan - ude (; , " ulân üde " ) is the capital city of the republic of buryatia , russia ; it is located about southeast of lake baikal on the uda river at its confluence with the selenga . 
Indianapolis ::   indianapolis ( pronounced ) , is the capital and largest city of the u.s. state of indiana and the seat of marion county . 
Dermatitis ::   dermatitis , also known as eczema is a group of diseases that results in inflammation of the skin . 
Arkan ::   željko ražnatović ( , ; 17 april 1952 – 15 january 2000 ) , better known as arkan ( аркан ) , was a serbian career criminal and commander of a paramilitary force in the yugoslav wars , called the serb volunteer guard . 
Locost ::   a locost is a home - built car . 
Agoraphobia ::   agoraphobia is an anxiety disorder characterized by symptoms of anxiety in situations where the person perceives the environment to be unsafe with no easy way to get away . 
Biophoton ::   biophotons ( from the greek βίος meaning " life " and φῶς meaning " light " ) are photons of light in the ultraviolet and low visible light range that are produced by a biological system . 
Valproate ::   valproate ( vpa ) , and its valproic acid , sodium valproate , and valproate semisodium forms , are medications primarily used to treat epilepsy and bipolar disorder and to prevent migraine headaches . 
Aerosol ::   an aerosol is a colloid of fine solid particles or liquid droplets , in air or another gas . 
Mayan ::   mayan most commonly refers to : mayan or mayan may also refer to : 
WML ::   wml may stand for : 
Semi-continuity ::   in mathematical analysis , semi - continuity ( or semicontinuity ) is a property of extended real - valued functions that is weaker than continuity . 
Kudzu ::   kudzu (; also called japanese arrowroot ) is a group of plants in the genus " pueraria " , in the pea family fabaceae , subfamily faboideae . 
Soap ::   in chemistry , a soap is a salt of a fatty acid . 
Ficus ::   ficus ( or ) is a genus of about 850 species of woody trees , shrubs , vines , epiphytes and hemiepiphytes in the family moraceae . 
Yakutsk ::   yakutsk (; , " d'okuuskay " , ) is the capital city of the sakha republic , russia , located about south of the arctic circle . 
Metz ::   metz (; ) is a city in northeast france located at the confluence of the moselle and the seille rivers . 
Verkhoyansk ::   verkhoyansk (; , " verxoyanskay " ) is a town in verkhoyansky district of the sakha republic , russia , located on the yana river near the arctic circle , from batagay , the administrative center of the district , and north of yakutsk , the capital of the republic . 
Antigone ::   in greek mythology , antigone ( ; ) is the daughter / sister of oedipus and his mother , jocasta . 
Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky ::   petropavlovsk - kamchatsky ( ) is a city and the administrative , industrial , scientific , and cultural center of kamchatka krai , russia . 
Okhotsk ::   okhotsk ( ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of okhotsky district of khabarovsk krai , russia , located at the mouth of the okhota river on the sea of okhotsk . 
Bratsk ::   bratsk ( ) is a city in irkutsk oblast , russia , located on the angara river near the vast bratsk reservoir . 
Koryaks ::   koryaks ( or koriak ) are an indigenous people of the russian far east , who live immediately north of the kamchatka peninsula in kamchatka krai and inhabit the coastlands of the bering sea . 
Moraceae ::   the moraceae — often called the mulberry family or fig family — are a family of flowering plants comprising about 38 genera and over 1180 species . 
JATO ::   jato ( acronym for jet - assisted take - off ) , is a type of assisted take - off for helping overloaded aircraft into the air by providing additional thrust in the form of small rockets . 
Disarmament ::   disarmament is the act of reducing , limiting , or abolishing weapons . 
Gladius ::   gladius (; , ) was one latin word for sword , and is used to represent the primary sword of ancient roman foot soldiers . 
Falchion ::   a falchion (; old french : " fauchon " ; latin : " falx " , " sickle " ) is a one - handed , single - edged sword of european origin , whose design is reminiscent of the chinese " dadao " , and modern machete . 
PLUR ::   peace love unity respect , commonly shortened to plur , is a set of principles that is associated with the rave culture . 
Monocoque ::   monocoque ( ) , also structural skin , is a structural system where loads are supported through an object 's external skin , similar to an egg shell . 
Tragedy ::   tragedy ( from the , " tragōidia " ) is a form of drama based on human suffering that invokes an accompanying catharsis or pleasure in audiences . 
Epiphyte ::   an epiphyte is an organism that grows on the surface of a plant and derives its moisture and nutrients from the air , rain , water ( in marine environments ) or from debris accumulating around it . 
Corticosteroid ::   corticosteroids are a class of steroid hormones that are produced in the adrenal cortex of vertebrates , as well as the synthetic analogues of these hormones . 
Gentiana ::   gentiana is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the gentian family ( gentianaceae ) , the tribe gentianeae , and the monophyletic subtribe gentianinae . 
Airship ::   an airship or dirigible balloon is a type of aerostat or lighter - than - air aircraft that can navigate through the air under its own power . 
Bourgeoisie ::   the bourgeoisie ( eng . : ; ) is a polysemous french term that can mean : the " bourgeoisie " , in its original sense , is intimately linked to the existence of cities recognized as such by their urban charters ( e.g. municipal charter , town privileges , german town law ) so there was no bourgeoisie " outside the walls of the city " beyond which the people were " peasants " submitted to the stately courts and manorialism ( except for the traveling " fair bourgeoisie " living outside urban territories , who retained their city rights and domicile ) . 
Chemehuevi ::   the chemehuevi are an indigenous people of the great basin . 
Hopi ::   the hopi are a native american tribe , who primarily live on the hopi reservation in northeastern arizona . 
Stuckism ::   stuckism is an international art movement founded in 1999 by billy childish and charles thomson to promote figurative painting as opposed to conceptual art . 
Bromeliaceae ::   the bromeliaceae ( the bromeliads ) are a family of monocot flowering plants of 51 genera and around 3475 known species native mainly to the tropical americas , with a few species found in the american subtropics and one in tropical west africa , " pitcairnia feliciana " . 
Sakhalin ::   sakhalin ( , ) is a large russian island in the north pacific ocean , lying between 45°50 ' and 54°24 '   n. it is russia 's largest island , and is administered as part of sakhalin oblast . 
Hokkaido ::   was settled by the ainu , nivkh , and orok before recorded history . 
Magadan ::   magadan ( ) is a port town and the administrative center of magadan oblast , russia , located on the sea of okhotsk in nagayev bay ( within taui bay ) and serving as a gateway to the kolyma region . 
Smaug ::   smaug ( ) is a fictional character and the primary antagonist in j. r. r. tolkien 's 1937 novel " the hobbit " . 
Beorn ::   beorn is a fictional character created by j. r. r. tolkien . 
Bilbo ::   bilbo can refer to : 
Warg ::   in norse mythology , a vargr ( pl . vargar ; often anglicised as warg or varg ) is a wolf and in particular refers to the wolf fenrir and his sons sköll and hati . 
Quechan ::   the quechan ( or yuma ) ( quechan : " kwtsaan " ' those who descended ' ) are a native american tribe who live on the fort yuma indian reservation on the lower colorado river in arizona and california just north of the mexican border . 
Proterozoic ::   the proterozoic ( ) is a geological eon representing the time just before the proliferation of complex life on earth . 
Cossacks ::   cossacks ( , , belarusian : казакi , polish : " kozacy " , slovak : " kozáci " , hungarian : " kozákok " ) are a group of predominantly east slavic - speaking people who became known as members of democratic , self - governing , semi - military communities , predominantly located in ukraine and russia . 
Alliance ::   an alliance is a relationship among people , groups , or states that have joined together for mutual benefit or to achieve some common purpose , whether or not explicit agreement has been worked out among them . 
Savinja ::   the savinja ( ) is a river in northeast slovenia which flows mostly in the upper and lower savinja valley ( ) and through the cities of celje and laško . 
AirPort ::   airport is the name given to a series of products by apple inc. using the ( wi - fi ) protocols ( 802.11b , 802.11 g , 802.11n and 802.11ac ) . 
Freckle ::   freckles , sometimes called ephelides ( singular ephelis ) , are clusters of concentrated melaninized cells which are most easily visible on people with a fair complexion . 
Balaam ::   balaam /ˈbeɪlæm/ ( , " bilʻam " " bilʻām " ) is a diviner in the torah , his story occurring towards the end of the book of numbers ( ) . 
Baal ::   baal ( ) , properly baʿal was a title and honorific meaning " lord " in the northwest semitic languages spoken in the levant during antiquity . 
Baalbek ::   baalbek ( ) , properly baʿalbek ( ) and also known as balbec , baalbec or baalbeck , is a city in the anti - lebanon foothills east of the litani river in lebanon 's beqaa valley , about northeast of beirut and about north of damascus . 
Accountant ::   an accountant is a practitioner of accounting or accountancy , which is the measurement , disclosure or provision of assurance about financial information that helps managers , investors , tax authorities and others make decisions about allocating resource(s ) . 
Fujitsu ::   , commonly referred to as fujitsu , is a japanese multinational information technology equipment and services company headquartered in tokyo , japan . 
Arcadia ::   arcadia ( , " arkadía " ) is one of the regional units of greece . 
Bacchanalia ::   the bacchanalia were roman festivals of bacchus , based on various ecstatic elements of the greek dionysia . 
Solon ::   solon ( " sólōn " , ;   bc ) was an athenian statesman , lawmaker , and poet . 
Bacchylides ::   bacchylides (; , " bakkhylídēs " ; century   ) was a greek lyric poet . 
Bacharach ::   bacharach ( , also known as " bacharach am rhein " ) is a town in the mainz - bingen district in rhineland - palatinate , germany . 
Cordite ::   cordite is a family of smokeless propellants developed and produced in the united kingdom since 1889 to replace gunpowder as a military propellant . 
Nitrocellulose ::   nitrocellulose ( also known as cellulose nitrate , flash paper , flash cotton , guncotton , and flash string ) is a highly flammable compound formed by nitrating cellulose through exposure to nitric acid or another powerful nitrating agent . 
Earl ::   an earl is a member of the nobility . 
Marquess ::   a marquess (; , ; italian : " marchese " , spanish : " marqués " , ) is a nobleman of hereditary rank in various european peerages and in those of some of their former colonies . 
Duke ::   a duke ( male ) ( british english : or american english : ) or duchess ( female ) can either be a monarch ruling over a duchy or a member of the nobility , historically of highest rank below the monarch . 
Wax ::   waxes are a diverse class of organic compounds that are hydrophobic , malleable solids near ambient temperatures . 
Honeycomb ::   a honeycomb is a mass of hexagonal prismatic wax cells built by honey bees in their nests to contain their larvae and stores of honey and pollen . 
Diffusivity ::   diffusivity is a rate of diffusion , a measure of the rate at which particles or heat or fluids can spread . 
Louse ::   louse ( plural : lice ) is the common name for members of the order phthiraptera , which contains nearly 5,000 species of wingless insect . 
Pequot ::   the pequot ( pronounced ) are a native american people of the u.s. state of connecticut . 
Mallophaga ::   the mallophaga are a suborder of lice , known as chewing lice , biting lice or bird lice , containing more than 3000 species . 
Haematomyzus ::   the genus haematomyzus includes three species of lice that differ so markedly from all other lice that they have been placed in a suborder of their own . 
Ischnocera ::   the ischnocera is a large suborder of lice mostly parasitic on birds but including a large family ( the trichodectidae ) parasitic on mammals . 
Amblycera ::   the amblycera are a large suborder of chewing lice , parasitic on both birds and mammals . 
Psychic ::   a psychic ( sometimes parapsychic ) is a person who claims to use extrasensory perception ( esp ) to identify information hidden from the normal senses , particularly involving telepathy or clairvoyance , or who performs acts that are apparently inexplicable by natural laws . 
Vigilante ::   a vigilante ( , ; ; , ) is a civilian or organization acting in a law enforcement capacity ( or in the pursuit of self - perceived justice ) without legal authority . " 
Guilder ::   guilder is the english translation of the dutch and german gulden , originally shortened from middle high german " guldin pfenninc " " gold penny " . 
Gulden ::   gulden , gülden , guldens or gulden 's may also refer to : 
Evenks ::   the evenks ( also spelled ewenki or evenki ) ( autonym : эвэнкил " evenkil " ; " evenki " ; ; formerly known as tungus or tunguz ; " khamnigan " ) are a tungusic people of northern asia . 
Tryptophan ::   tryptophan ( abbreviated as trp or w ; encoded by the codon ugg ) is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
Bridgewater ::   bridgewater or bridgwater can refer to the following : in australia : in canada : in the united kingdom : in the united states of america : in australia : in the united kingdom : 
Brookfield ::   brookfield is a common place name in english - speaking countries . 
YaST ::   yast ( yet another setup tool ) is a linux operating system setup and configuration tool . 
Jaffas ::   jaffas is an australian registered trademark for a small round sweet consisting of a soft chocolate centre with a hard covering of orange flavoured , red coloured confectionery . 
Narconon ::   narconon international ( commonly known as narconon ) is an organization that promotes the theories of scientology founder l. ron hubbard regarding substance abuse treatment and addiction . 
Daminozide ::   daminozide — also known as alar , kylar , b - nine , dmasa , sadh , or b 995 — is a plant growth regulator , a chemical sprayed on fruit to regulate their growth , make their harvest easier , and keep apples from falling off the trees before they are ripe . 
Aviation ::   aviation is the practical aspect or art of aeronautics , being the design , development , production , operation and use of aircraft , especially heavier than air aircraft . 
Back-bond ::   back - bond , or back - letter , in scots law , is a deed qualifying the terms of another deed , or declaratory of the purposes for which another deed has been granted . 
Backnang ::   backnang ( ) is a town in germany in the bundesland of baden - württemberg , roughly northeast of stuttgart . 
Backscratcher ::   a backscratcher ( occasionally known as a scratch - back ) is a tool used , as the name would suggest , for relieving areas that can not easily be reached just by one 's own hands , typically the back . 
Bacteriology ::   bacteriology is the branch and specialty of biology that studies the morphology , ecology , genetics and biochemistry of bacteria as well as many other aspects related to them . 
Paratrooper ::   paratroopers are military parachutists — military personnel trained in parachuting into an operation and usually functioning as part of an airborne force . 
Bacup ::   bacup is a town in lancashire , england , in the south pennines close to lancashire 's boundary with west yorkshire . 
Badagas ::   the badugas ( locally known as baduguru ) live in the nilgiri hills of tamil nadu , india . 
Badajoz ::   badajoz (; formerly written " badajos " in english ) is the capital of the province of badajoz in the autonomous community of extremadura , spain . 
Badakhshan ::   badakhshan ( pashto/ , " badaxšân " ; , " badaxşon " ; ; , dungan : бадахәшон , xiao'erjing : بَا دَا کْ شًا , ming dynasty era chinese name- 巴丹沙 ) is a historic region comprising parts of what is now northeastern afghanistan and southeastern tajikistan . 
Badalona ::   badalona ( ) is a municipality to the immediate north east of barcelona in catalonia , spain . 
Badenoch ::   badenoch ( from the scottish gaelic " bàideanach " meaning drowned land ) is a traditional district which today forms part of badenoch and strathspey , an area of highland council , in scotland , bounded on the north by the monadhliath mountains , on the east by the cairngorms and braemar , on the south by atholl and the grampians , and on the west by lochaber . 
Badenweiler ::   badenweiler is a health resort and spa in the breisgau - hochschwarzwald district of baden - württemberg , germany , historically in the markgräflerland . 
Charente-Maritime ::   charente - maritime ( ) is a department on the southwestern coast of france named after the charente river . 
Turk ::   turk or turks most often refers to : the terms may also refer to : 
Contango ::   contango is a situation where the futures price ( or forward price ) of a commodity is higher than the anticipated spot price at maturity of the futures contract . 
Eadred ::   eadred ( also edred ) ( 923 – 23 november 955 ) was king of the english from 946 until his death . 
Æthelstan ::   æthelstan or athelstan ( old english : " æþelstan " , or " æðelstān " , meaning " noble stone " ; 89427 october 939 ) was king of the anglo - saxons from 924 to 927 and king of the english from 927 to 939 . 
Alliteration ::   alliteration is a figure of speech and a stylistic literary device which is identified by the repeated sound of the first or second letter in a series of words , or the repetition of the same letter sounds in stressed syllables of a phrase . 
Bridgwater ::   bridgwater is a market town and civil parish in somerset , england . 
Thymine ::   thymine ( t , thy ) is one of the four nucleobases in the nucleic acid of dna that are represented by the letters g – c– 
Zwolle ::   zwolle ( ) is the capital city and municipality of the province of overijssel , netherlands . 
Zwickau ::   zwickau (; sorbian ( hist . ) : " šwikawa " , czech " cvikov " , is a town in saxony , germany , it is the capital of the district of zwickau . 
Zweibrücken ::   zweibrücken ( , , palatinate german : " zweebrigge " ) is a town in rhineland - palatinate , germany , on the schwarzbach river . 
Alpine ::   the term alpine refers to the alps , a european mountain range , or to the alpine states associated with the mountain range . 
Bethel ::   bethel ( ugaritic : " bt il " , meaning " house of el " or " house of god " , , also transliterated beth el , beth - el , or beit el ; ; ) was a border city described in the hebrew bible as being located between benjamin and ephraim and also a location named by jacob . 
Zutphen ::   zutphen ( ) is a dutch city located in the province of gelderland . 
HP ::   hp most commonly refers to : hp may also refer to : 
Hobbit ::   hobbits are a fictional , diminutive , humanoid race who inhabit the lands of middle - earth in j. r. r. tolkien ’s fiction . 
Courthouse ::   a courthouse ( sometimes spelled court house ) is a building that is home to a local court of law and often the regional county government as well , although this is not the case in some larger cities . 
Fact ::   a fact is something that is true or can be proved with evidence . 
Court-martial ::   a court - martial ( plural courts - martial , as " martial " is postpositive ) is a military court . 
Erysipelas ::   erysipelas (; greek ἐρυσίπελας , " red skin " ; also known as " ignis sacer " , " holy fire " , and " st. anthony 's fire " in some countries ) is an acute infection typically with a skin rash , usually on any of the legs and toes , face , arms , and fingers . 
Nazgûl ::   the nazgûl ( from black speech " nazg " , " ring " , and " gûl " , " wraith , spirit " , possibly related to " gul " , " sorcery " or a wordplay on " ghoul " ) , also called ringwraiths , ring - wraiths , black riders , dark riders , the nine riders , or simply the nine , are fictional characters in j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
Strait ::   a strait is a naturally formed , narrow , typically navigable waterway that connects two larger bodies of water . 
Labrador ::   labrador is the continental part of the canadian province of newfoundland and labrador . 
Monarchianism ::   monarchianism is a set of beliefs that emphasize god as being one person , in direct contrast to trinitarianism which defines god as three persons coexisting consubstantially as one in being . 
IEA ::   iea can stand for several different things , such as those listed here : 
IDB ::   idb can mean : 
Worcester ::   worcester ( ) is a city in worcestershire , england , southwest of birmingham and north of gloucester . 
Hypothalamus ::   the hypothalamus ( from greek ὑπό , " under " and θάλαμος , thalamus ) is a portion of the brain that contains a number of small nuclei with a variety of functions . 
Aggression ::   aggression is overt , often harmful , social interaction with the intention of inflicting damage or other unpleasantness upon another individual . 
Farmer ::   a farmer ( also called an agriculturer ) is a person engaged in agriculture , raising living organisms for food or raw materials . 
Hume ::   hume most commonly refers to : hume may also refer to : 
Alum ::   the alums are a class of chemical compounds . 
Staffordshire ::   staffordshire ( or ; abbreviated staffs ) is a landlocked county in the west midlands of england . 
Clinton ::   clinton is a british surname , indicating one 's ancestors came from english places called glympton or glinton . 
Fraud ::   in law , fraud is deliberate deception to secure unfair or unlawful gain , or to deprive a victim of a legal right . 
Molasses ::   molasses , or black treacle ( british , for human consumption ; known as molasses otherwise ) , is a viscous product resulting from refining sugarcane or sugar beets into sugar . 
Adultery ::   adultery ( anglicised from latin " adulterium " ) is extramarital sex that is considered objectionable on social , religious , moral , or legal grounds . 
Zula ::   zula ( , ) is a small town in central eritrea . 
Zug ::   zug ( , ; ; ; ; neo - latin tugium ) , is an affluent municipality and town in switzerland . 
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer ::   metro - goldwyn - mayer studios inc. ( abbreviated as mgm or m - g - m , also known as metro - goldwyn - mayer pictures , metro - goldwyn - mayer or simply metro , and for a former interval known as metro - goldwyn - mayer / united artists , or mgm / ua ) is an american media company , involved primarily in the production and distribution of feature films and television programs . 
Zschopau ::   zschopau ( ) , is a town in the erzgebirgskreis district of saxony , germany . 
Zoutpansberg ::   zoutpansberg was the north - eastern division of the transvaal , south africa . 
Zouave ::   the zouaves ( ) were a class of light infantry regiments of the french army serving between 1830 and 1962 and linked to french north africa , as well as some units of other countries modelled upon them . 
Zosterops ::   zosterops ( meaning " eye - girdle " ) is a genus of birds containing the typical white - eyes . 
Gymnosporangium ::   gymnosporangium is a genus of heteroecious plant - pathogenic fungi which alternately infect members of the family cupressaceae , primarily species in the genus " juniperus " ( junipers ) , and members of the family rosaceae in the subfamily maloideae ( apples , pears , quinces , shadbush , hawthorns , rowans and their relatives ) . 
Allergen ::   an allergen is a type of antigen that produces an abnormally vigorous immune response in which the immune system fights off a perceived threat that would otherwise be harmless to the body . 
Stratford-upon-Avon ::   stratford - upon - avon ( ) is a market town and civil parish in warwickshire , england , on the river avon , north west of london , south east of birmingham , and south west of warwick . 
Cedrus ::   cedrus ( common english name cedar ) is a genus of coniferous trees in the plant family pinaceae . 
Resin ::   in polymer chemistry and materials science , resin is a " solid or highly viscous substance " of plant or synthetic origin that is typically convertible into polymers . 
Johannesburg ::   johannesburg (; ; also known as jozi , joburg and egoli ) is the largest city in south africa and is one of the 50 largest urban areas in the world . 
Phosphorylation ::   phosphorylation allows coupling and addition of a phosphoryl group . 
Gland ::   a gland is an organ in an animal 's body that synthesizes substances ( such as hormones ) for release into the bloodstream ( endocrine gland ) or into cavities inside the body or its outer surface ( exocrine gland ) . 
Melodica ::   the melodica , also known as the pianica , blow - organ , key harmonica , or melodyhorn , is a free - reed instrument similar to the pump organ and harmonica . 
Concertina ::   a concertina is a free - reed musical instrument , like the various accordions and the harmonica . 
Naboo ::   naboo is a planet in the fictional " star wars " universe with a mostly green terrain and which is the homeworld of two societies : the gungans who dwell in underwater cities and the humans who live in colonies on the surface . 
Measles ::   measles is a highly contagious infection caused by the measles virus . 
Heteroecious ::   a heteroecious parasite is one that requires at least two hosts . 
Witch-hunt ::   a witch - hunt is a search for persons labelled " witches " or evidence of witchcraft , often involving moral panic or mass hysteria . 
Diphtheria ::   diphtheria is an infection caused by the bacterium " corynebacterium diphtheriae " . 
Observatory ::   an observatory is a location used for observing terrestrial or celestial events . 
Apocalypse ::   an apocalypse ( ancient greek : " apokálypsis " , from and , literally meaning " an uncovering " ) is a disclosure of knowledge or revelation . 
Arundo ::   arundo is a genus of stout , perennial plants in the grass family . 
SiN ::   sin is a first - person shooter video game developed by ritual entertainment and published by activision in october 1998 . 
Fog ::   fog consists of visible cloud water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the air at or near the earth 's surface . 
Colemanballs ::   colemanballs is a term coined by " private eye " magazine to describe verbal gaffes perpetrated by sports commentators . 
Guelders ::   guelders or gueldres ( , ) is a historical county , later duchy of the holy roman empire , located in the low countries . 
Ludlow ::   ludlow is a market town in shropshire , england , south of shrewsbury and north of hereford via the main a49 road , which bypasses the town . 
Geelong ::   geelong ( ) is a port city located on corio bay and the barwon river , in the state of victoria , australia , south - west of the state capital , melbourne . 
Vaduz ::   vaduz (; or ) is the capital of liechtenstein and also the seat of the national parliament . 
Melaleuca ::   melaleuca is a genus of nearly 300 species of plants in the myrtle family , myrtaceae , commonly known as paperbarks , honey - myrtles or tea - trees ( although the last name is also applied to species of " leptospermum " ) . 
Albury ::   albury , a major regional city in new south wales , australia , is located on the hume highway and the northern side of the murray river . 
Wodonga ::   wodonga is a city on the victorian side of the border with new south wales , north - east of melbourne , australia . 
Queensland ::   queensland ( abbreviated as qld , or less frequently q ) is the second - largest and third - most - populous state in the commonwealth of australia . 
Kobe ::   the earliest written records regarding the region come from the " nihon shoki " , which describes the founding of the ikuta shrine by empress jingū in ad 201 . 
Honshu ::   , , is the largest and most populous island of japan , located south of hokkaido across the tsugaru strait , north of shikoku across the inland sea , and northeast of kyushu across the kanmon straits . 
Hiroshima ::   hiroshima is best known as the first city in history to be targeted by a nuclear weapon when the united states army air forces ( usaaf ) dropped an atomic bomb on the city at 8:15   a.m. on august 6 , 1945 , near the end of world war ii . 
AF2 ::   af2 ( often styled as af2 , and short for arenafootball2 ) was the name of the arena football league 's developmental league ; it was founded in 1999 and played its first season in 2000 . 
Comma ::   the comma is a punctuation mark that appears in several variants in various languages . 
Apostrophe ::   the apostrophe ( ’ or ' ) character is a punctuation mark , and sometimes a diacritical mark , in languages that use the latin alphabet and some other alphabets . 
Hauts-de-Seine ::   hauts - de - seine (; literally " " heights of seine " " ) is a department of france . 
Solemnity ::   a solemnity is a feast day of the highest rank in the liturgical calendar of the roman rite , celebrating a mystery of faith such as the trinity , an event in the life of jesus , his mother mary , or another important saint . 
Asterisk ::   an asterisk ( * ; from late latin , from ancient greek , " asteriskos " , " little star " ) is a typographical symbol or glyph . 
Ampersand ::   the ampersand is the logogram & , representing the conjunction " and " . 
Cassowary ::   cassowaries ( ) are ratites ( flightless birds without a keel on their sternum bone ) in the genus " casuarius " and are native to the tropical forests of new guinea ( papua new guinea and indonesia ) , nearby islands , and northeastern australia . 
Mumps ::   mumps is a viral disease caused by the mumps virus . 
Widukind ::   widukind , also known as widuking or wittekind , was a germanic leader of the saxons and the chief opponent of the frankish king charlemagne during the saxon wars from 777 to 785 . 
Blohm+Voss ::   blohm+voss ( b+v ) , also written historically as blohm & voss , blohm und voß etc , is a german shipbuilding and engineering company , founded in hamburg in 1877 , its most famous product is the world war ii battleship " bismarck " . 
NSG ::   nsg may stand for : 
Altitude ::   altitude or height ( sometimes known as depth ) is defined based on the context in which it is used ( aviation , geometry , geographical survey , sport , atmospheric pressure , and many more ) . 
Customs ::   customs is an authority or agency in a country responsible for collecting tariffs and for controlling the flow of goods , including animals , transports , personal , and hazardous items , into and out of a country . 
Sicarii ::   the sicarii ( modern hebrew : סיקריים " siqari'im " ) were a splinter group of the jewish zealots who , in the decades preceding jerusalem 's destruction in 70 ce , heavily opposed the roman occupation of judea and attempted to expel them and their sympathizers from the area . 
RealAudio ::   realaudio is a proprietary audio format developed by realnetworks and first released in april 1995 . 
Texaco ::   texaco , inc. ( " " the texas company " " ) is an american oil subsidiary of chevron corporation . 
Entomology ::   entomology ( from greek , " entomon " " insect " ; and , " -logia " ) is the scientific study of insects , a branch of zoology . 
Amphibole ::   amphibole ( ) is the name of an important group of generally dark - colored , inosilicate minerals , forming prism or needlelike crystals , composed of double chain tetrahedra , linked at the vertices and generally containing ions of iron and/or magnesium in their structures . 
Papaya ::   the papaya ( or ) ( from carib via spanish ) , papaw , ( ) or pawpaw ( ) is the plant carica papaya , one of the 22 accepted species in the genus " carica " of the family caricaceae . 
Marketing ::   marketing is the study and management of exchange relationships . 
Roundabout ::   a roundabout , also called a traffic circle , road circle , rotary , rotunda or island , is a type of circular intersection or junction in which road traffic flows almost continuously in one direction around a central island . 
Acridine ::   acridine is an organic compound and a nitrogen heterocycle with the formula chn . 
Mbira ::   the mbira is an african musical instrument consisting of a wooden board ( often fitted with a resonator ) with attached staggered metal tines , played by holding the instrument in the hands and plucking the tines with the thumbs . 
Majorca ::   majorca ( ) , also spelt mallorca , as in catalan ( ) and spanish ( ) , is the largest island in the balearic islands , which are part of spain and located in the mediterranean . 
Bracket ::   a bracket is a tall punctuation mark typically used in matched pairs within text , to set apart or interject other text . 
Hyphen ::   the hyphen ( ‐ ) is a punctuation mark used to join words and to separate syllables of a single word . 
Colon ::   colon usually refers to : it may also refer to : 
Semicolon ::   the semicolon or semi - colon ( ;) is a punctuation mark that separates major sentence elements . 
Mycorrhiza ::   a mycorrhiza ( from greek μυκός " mykós " , " fungus " , and ῥίζα " rhiza " , " root " ; pl . mycorrhizae or mycorrhizas ) is a symbiotic association between a fungus and the roots of a vascular host plant . 
Methionine ::   methionine ( abbreviated as met or m ) is an essential amino acid in humans . 
Thaana ::   thaana , taana or tāna (    in tāna script ) is the present writing system of the maldivian language spoken in the maldives . 
Morphing ::   morphing is a special effect in motion pictures and animations that changes ( or morphs ) one image or shape into another through a seamless transition . 
Haijin ::   the haijin or sea ban was a series of related isolationist chinese policies restricting private maritime trading and coastal settlement during most of the ming dynasty and some of the qing . 
Lumber ::   lumber ( american english ; used only in north america ) or timber ( used in the rest of the english speaking world ) is a type of wood that has been processed into beams and planks , a stage in the process of wood production . 
Pea ::   the pea is most commonly the small spherical seed or the seed - pod of the pod fruit pisum sativum . 
Pedology ::   pedology ( from greek : πέδον , " pedon " , " soil " ; and λόγος , " logos " , " study " ) is the study of soils in their natural environment . 
Amoco ::   amoco corporation , originally standard oil company ( indiana ) , is a global chemical and oil company that was founded in 1889 around a refinery located in whiting , indiana , united states . 
ARCO ::   atlantic richfield company ( arco ) is an american oil company with operations in the united states , indonesia , the north sea , and the south china sea . 
Baryte ::   baryte or barite ( baso ) is a mineral consisting of barium sulfate . 
Strontianite ::   strontianite ( srco ) is an important raw material for the extraction of strontium . 
Hydrate ::   in chemistry , a hydrate is a substance that contains water or its constituent elements . 
Cabaret ::   cabaret ( ) is a form of entertainment featuring music , song , dance , recitation , or drama . 
Monophysitism ::   monophysitism ( or ; greek : μονοφυσιτισμός ; late koine greek from μόνος " monos " , " only , single " and φύσις " physis " , " nature " ) is the christological position that , after the union of the divine and the human in the historical incarnation , jesus christ , as the incarnation of the eternal son or word ( " logos " ) of god , had only a single " nature " which was either divine or a synthesis of divine and human . 
Monothelitism ::   monothelitism or monotheletism ( from greek μονοθελητισμός " doctrine of one will " ) is a particular teaching about how the divine and human relate in the person of jesus , known as a christological doctrine , that formally emerged in armenia and syria in 629 . 
Yuma ::   yuma can refer to : 
Fireworks ::   fireworks are a class of low explosive pyrotechnic devices used for aesthetic and entertainment purposes . 
Solubility ::   solubility is the property of a solid , liquid , or gaseous chemical substance called " solute " to dissolve in a solid , liquid , or gaseous solvent . 
Bioaccumulation ::   bioaccumulation is the accumulation of substances , such as pesticides , or other chemicals in an organism . 
Gemara ::   the gemara ( also transliterated gemora , gemarah , or , less commonly , gemorra ; from hebrew , from the aramaic verb " gamar " , study ) is the component of the talmud comprising rabbinical analysis of and commentary on the mishnah . 
Russians ::   russians ( , " russkiye " ) are an east slavic ethnic group native to eastern europe . 
Serbs ::   the serbs ( , ) are a south slavic ethnic group that formed in the balkans . 
Nico ::   christa päffgen ( 16 october 1938   – 18 july 1988 ) , better known by her stage name nico , was a german singer - songwriter , lyricist , composer , musician , fashion model , and actress who became famous as a warhol superstar in the 1960s . 
Hutu ::   the hutu , also known as the abahutu , are a bantu ethnic group native to african great lakes region of africa , primarily area now under burundi and rwanda . 
Epimorphism ::   in category theory , an epimorphism ( also called an epic morphism or , colloquially , an epi ) is a morphism " f " : " x " → " y " that is right - cancellative in the sense that , for all morphisms , epimorphisms are categorical analogues of surjective functions ( and in the category of sets the concept corresponds to the surjective functions ) , but it may not exactly coincide in all contexts ; for example , the inclusion formula_2 is a ring - epimorphism . 
Vajrayana ::   vajrayāna , mantrayāna , esoteric buddhism and tantric buddhism refer to the various buddhist traditions of tantra and " secret mantra " , which are systems of beliefs and practices that developed in medieval india and spread to tibet and east asia under varying names and forms . 
Albuminuria ::   albuminuria is a pathological condition wherein the protein albumin is abnormally present in the urine . 
Judiciary ::   the judiciary ( also known as the judicial system or court system ) is the system of courts that interprets and applies the law in the name of the state . 
Putrajaya ::   putrajaya ( ) , officially the federal territory of putrajaya , is a planned city and the federal administrative centre of malaysia . 
Quidditch ::   in the world of " harry potter " novels and movies , quidditch is a magical competitive sport involving flying contestants . 
Penang ::   penang is a malaysian state located on the northwest coast of peninsular malaysia , by the malacca strait . 
U-238 ::   u238 or u-238 may be : 
Epiphenomenon ::   an epiphenomenon ( plural : epiphenomena ) is a secondary phenomenon that occurs alongside or in parallel to a primary phenomenon . 
Subluxation ::   in medicine , a subluxation is an incomplete or partial dislocation of a joint or organ . 
Ionization ::   ionization is the process by which an atom or a molecule acquires a negative or positive charge by gaining or losing electrons to form ions , often in conjunction with other chemical changes . 
Glastonbury ::   glastonbury is a town and civil parish in somerset , england , situated at a dry point on the low - lying somerset levels , south of bristol . 
Thyridopteryx ::   thyridopteryx is a genus of bagworm moth . 
Crocus ::   crocus ( english plural : crocuses or croci ) is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family comprising 90 species of perennials growing from corms . 
Chivalry ::   chivalry , or the chivalric code , is an informal , varying code of conduct developed between 1170 and 1220 , never decided on or summarized in a single document , associated with the medieval institution of knighthood ; a knight 's and gentlewomen 's behavior was governed by chivalrous social codes . 
Waikiki ::   waikīkī (; hawaiian : ) ( also known as waikiki beach ) is a beachfront neighborhood of honolulu , on the south shore of the island of oahu , in hawaii , united states . 
Kiel ::   kiel ( ) is the capital and most populous city in the northern german state of schleswig - holstein , with a population of 240,832 ( june 2014 ) . 
Rank ::   rank is the relative position , value , worth , complexity , power , importance , authority , level , etc . of a person or object within a ranking . 
Huế ::   huế ( is a city in central vietnam that was the seat of nguyen dynasty emperors and the national capital from 1802 to 1945 . 
Girona ::   girona ( , , ; ) is a city in catalonia , spain , at the confluence of the rivers ter , onyar , galligants , and güell and has an official population of 97,586 as of january 2015 . 
Broom ::   a broom is a cleaning tool consisting of usually stiff fibers ( often made of materials such as plastic , hair , or corn husks ) attached to , and roughly parallel to , a cylindrical handle , the broomstick . 
Toshiba ::   , commonly known as toshiba and stylized as toshiba , is a japanese multinational conglomerate headquartered in tokyo , japan . 
Tarragona ::   tarragona ( , , ; phoenician : " tarqon " ; ) is a port city located in northeast spain on the costa daurada by the mediterranean sea . 
Messina ::   messina (; , sicilian : " missina " ; , ) is the capital of the italian metropolitan city of messina . 
Messalina ::   valeria messalina , sometimes spelled messallina , ( c. 17/20–48 ) was the third wife of the roman emperor claudius . 
Murcia ::   murcia ( or , ) is a city in south - eastern spain , the capital and most populous city of the autonomous community of the region of murcia , and the seventh largest city in the country , with a population of 442,573 inhabitants in 2009 ( about one third of the total population of the region ) . 
Navarre ::   navarre (; [ naˈβara ] , [ nafaˈroa ] ; [ nəˈβarə ] ; [ naˈbaʁɔ ] ) , officially the chartered community of navarre ( spanish : " comunidad foral de navarra " ; basque : " nafarroako foru komunitatea " ) , is an autonomous community and province in northern spain , bordering the basque autonomous community , la rioja , and aragon in spain and nouvelle - aquitaine in france . 
Pamplona ::   pamplona (; ; ) or iruña ( , alternative spelling : " iruñea " , ) is the historical capital city of navarre , in spain , and of the former kingdom of navarre . 
Hexagon ::   in geometry , a hexagon ( from greek ἕξ " hex " , " six " and γωνία , " gonía " , " corner , angle " ) is a six sided polygon or 6-gon . 
Chania ::   chania ( , , venetian : " canea " , ottoman turkish : " hanya " ) is the second largest city of crete and the capital of the chania regional unit . 
Heraklion ::   heraklion ( , , " irákleio " , , , ) is the largest city and the administrative capital of the island of crete . 
Menorca ::   menorca or minorca (; ; ; from latin : " insula minor " , later " minorica " " smaller island " ) is one of the balearic islands located in the mediterranean sea belonging to spain . 
Northumberland ::   northumberland ( ) ( abbreviated northd ) is a county in north east england . 
Eisenach ::   eisenach is a town in thuringia , germany with 42,000 inhabitants , located west of erfurt , southeast of kassel and northeast of frankfurt . 
Loanword ::   a loanword ( also loan word or loan - word ) is a word adopted from one language ( the donor language ) and incorporated into another language without translation . 
Farm ::   a farm is an area of land that is devoted primarily to agricultural processes with the primary objective of producing food and other crops ; it is the basic facility in food production . 
Life-Line ::   " life - line " is a short story by american author robert a. heinlein . 
Searchlight ::   a searchlight ( or spotlight ) is an apparatus that combines an extremely luminous source ( traditionally a carbon arc lamp ) with a mirrored parabolic reflector to project a powerful beam of light of approximately parallel rays in a particular direction , usually constructed so that it can be swiveled about . 
Retroreflector ::   a retroreflector ( sometimes called a retroflector or cataphote ) is a device or surface that reflects light back to its source with a minimum of scattering . 
Experiment ::   an experiment is a procedure carried out to support , refute , or validate a hypothesis . 
Eureka ::   eureka often refers to : eureka may also refer to : 
Swindon ::   swindon ( ) is a large town , in the ceremonial county of wiltshire , south west england , midway between bristol , to the west and reading , to the east . 
Erysimum ::   erysimum ( wallflower ) is a genus of flowering plants that includes about 180 species of popular garden plants and many wild forms in the botanical family " brassicaceae " . 
Pheasant ::   pheasants ( ) are birds of several genera within the subfamily phasianinae , of the family phasianidae in the order galliformes . the family 's native range is restricted to asia . 
Charmander ::   charmander ( ) , known as in japan , is a pokémon species in nintendo and game freak 's " pokémon " franchise . 
Falconidae ::   the falcons and caracaras are around 60 species of diurnal birds of prey that make up the family falconidae . 
Nyaya ::   nyaya school 's epistemology accepts four out of six " pramanas " as reliable means of gaining knowledge – " pratyakṣa " ( perception ) , " anumāṇa " ( inference ) , " upamāṇa " ( comparison and analogy ) and " śabda " ( word , testimony of past or present reliable experts ) . 
Anglo-Catholicism ::   the terms anglo - catholicism , anglican catholicism , and catholic anglicanism refer to people , beliefs and practices within anglicanism that emphasise the catholic heritage and identity of the various anglican churches . 
Ra'anana ::   ra'anana ( , lit . 
Aconitum ::   aconitum ( ) , commonly known as aconite , monkshood , wolf 's bane , leopard 's bane , mousebane , women 's bane , devil 's helmet , queen of poisons , or blue rocket , is a genus of over 250 species of flowering plants belonging to the family ranunculaceae . 
Aconitine ::   aconitine is a toxin produced by the " aconitum " plant , also known as devil ’s helmet or monkshood . 
Bassist ::   a bassist , or bass player , is a musician who plays a bass instrument such as a double bass , bass guitar , keyboard bass or a low brass instrument such as a tuba or sousaphone . 
Aotearoa ::   aotearoa ( ) is the māori name for new zealand . 
Taniwha ::   in māori mythology , taniwha ( ) are beings that live in deep pools in rivers , dark caves , or in the sea , especially in places with dangerous currents or deceptive breakers ( giant waves ) . 
Thaler ::   the thaler was a silver coin used throughout europe for almost four hundred years . 
Airbag ::   an airbag is a type of vehicle safety device and is an occupant restraint system . 
Włocławek ::   włocławek is located in central poland along the vistula ( wisła ) river and is bordered by the gostynińsko - włocławski park krajobrazowy . 
Matera ::   matera ( or locally ) is a city and a province in the region of basilicata , in southern italy . 
Maildir ::   the maildir e - mail format is a common way of storing e - mail messages , where each message is kept in a separate file with a unique name , and each folder is a directory . 
Unknot ::   the unknot arises in the mathematical theory of knots . 
Lapidary ::   a lapidary ( lapidarist , ) is an artist or artisan who forms stone , minerals , or gemstones into decorative items such as cabochons , engraved gems , including cameos , and faceted designs . 
Vaporware ::   in the computer industry , vaporware ( brit . 
Roentgenium ::   roentgenium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol rg and atomic number 111 . 
Promiscuity ::   promiscuity is the practice of having casual sex frequently with different partners or being indiscriminate in the choice of sexual partners . 
Rasterisation ::   rasterisation ( or rasterization ) is the task of taking an image described in a vector graphics format ( shapes ) and converting it into a raster image ( pixels or dots ) for output on a video display or printer , or for storage in a bitmap file format . 
HP-GL ::   hp - gl ( hewlett - packard graphics language ; often written as hpgl ) is a printer control language created by hewlett - packard ( hp ) . 
Montmartre ::   montmartre ( ) is a large hill in paris 's 18th arrondissement . 
Engraving ::   engraving is the practice of incising a design onto a hard , usually flat surface by cutting grooves into it . 
Trantor ::   trantor is a fictional planet in isaac asimov 's " foundation " series and " empire " series of science fiction novels . 
Mogadishu ::   mogadishu (; ; ) , known locally as xamar or hamar , is the capital and most populous city of somalia . 
Average ::   in colloquial language , an average is a middle or typical number of a list of numbers . 
Karmapa ::   the karmapa ( honorific title " his holiness the gyalwa " ( རྒྱལ་བ་ , victorious one ) " karmapa " , more formally as " gyalwang " ( རྒྱལ་དབང་ཀརྨ་པ་ , king of victorious ones ) " karmapa " , and informally as the " karmapa lama " ) is the head of the karma kagyu , the largest sub - school of the kagyu ( བཀའ་བརྒྱུད , ) , itself one of the four major schools of tibetan buddhism . 
Dugongidae ::   the dugongidae are a family in the order of sirenia . 
Dugong ::   the dugong ( , ; " dugong dugon " ) is a medium - sized marine mammal . 
Zalophus ::   zalophus is a genus of the family otariidae ( sea lions and fur seals ) of order carnivora . 
Pinniped ::   pinnipeds ( ) ( from latin " pinna " " fin " and " pes , pedis " " foot " ) , commonly known as seals , are a widely distributed and diverse clade of carnivorous , fin - footed , semiaquatic marine mammals . 
Inkwell ::   an inkwell is a small jar or container , often made of glass , porcelain , silver , brass , or pewter , used for holding ink in a place convenient for the person who is writing . 
Pewter ::   pewter is a malleable metal alloy . 
Homeobox ::   a homeobox is a dna sequence , around 180 base pairs long , found within genes that are involved in the regulation of patterns of anatomical development ( morphogenesis ) in animals , fungi and plants . 
Fisting ::   fisting , handballing , fist - fucking , brachiovaginal , or brachioproctic insertion is a sexual activity that involves inserting a hand into the vagina or rectum . 
Youthanasia ::   youthanasia is the sixth studio album by american thrash metal band megadeth , released on november 1 , 1994 through capitol records . 
Self ::   self is a reference by an individual to the same individual person . 
Asanga ::   asaṅga ( , ; romaji : " mujaku " ) ( fl . 
Sediment ::   sediment is a naturally occurring material that is broken down by processes of weathering and erosion , and is subsequently transported by the action of wind , water , or ice , and/or by the force of gravity acting on the particles . 
Chandrakirti ::   chandrakirti (; ; ; ) was a buddhist scholar of the madhyamaka school and a noted commentator on the works of nagarjuna ( ) and those of his main disciple , aryadeva , authoring two influential works , " prasannapadā " and " madhyamakāvatāra " . 
Benthos ::   benthos is the community of organisms that live on , in , or near the seabed , also known as the benthic zone . 
Anapsid ::   an anapsid is an amniote whose skull does not have openings near the temples . 
Aioli ::   aioli or aïoli ( or ; provençal or " aiòli " ; ) is a mediterranean sauce made of garlic and olive oil ; in some regions other emulsifiers such as egg are used . 
ARITH-MATIC ::   arith - matic is an extension of grace hopper 's a-2 programming language , developed around 1955 . 
A3D ::   a3d ( aureal 3-dimensional ) was a technology developed by aureal semiconductor for use in their vortex line of pc sound chips to deliver three - dimensional sound through headphones , two or even four speakers . 
Susa ::   susa (; " shush " ; ; " shushān " ; greek : σοῦσα ; " shush " ; old persian " çūšā " ) was an ancient city of the proto - elamite , elamite , first persian empire , seleucid , and parthian empires of iran , and one of the most important cities of the ancient near east . 
Hallucigenia ::   hallucigenia is a genus of cambrian xenusiids known from articulated fossils in burgess shale - type deposits in canada and china , and from isolated spines around the world . 
Symbiogenesis ::   symbiogenesis , or endosymbiotic theory , is an evolutionary theory of the origin of eukaryotic cells from prokaryotic organisms , first articulated in 1905 and 1910 by the russian botanist konstantin mereschkowski , and advanced and substantiated with microbiological evidence by lynn margulis in 1967 . 
Pinball ::   pinball is a type of arcade game , in which points are scored by a player manipulating one or more steel balls on a play field inside a glass - covered cabinet called a pinball machine ( or " pinball table " ) . 
Shilling ::   the shilling is a unit of currency formerly used in the united kingdom , australia , united states , and other british commonwealth countries . 
NewtonScript ::   newtonscript is a prototype - based programming language created to write programs for the newton platform . 
Planetarium ::   a planetarium ( plural " planetaria " or " planetariums " ) is a theatre built primarily for presenting educational and entertaining shows about astronomy and the night sky , or for training in celestial navigation . 
Orrery ::   an orrery is a mechanical model of the solar system that illustrates or predicts the relative positions and motions of the planets and moons , usually according to the heliocentric model . 
Bamburgh ::   bamburgh ( ) is a village and civil parish on the coast of northumberland , england . 
Tetrapod ::   the superclass tetrapoda ( from greek : τετρα- " four " and πούς " foot " ) contains the four - limbed vertebrates known as tetrapods ( ) ; it includes living and extinct amphibians , reptiles ( including dinosaurs , and its subgroup birds ) and mammals ( including primates , and all hominid subgroups including humans ) , as well as earlier extinct groups . 
Redlining ::   in the united states , redlining is the practice of denying services , either directly or through selectively raising prices , to residents of certain areas based on the racial or ethnic composition of those areas . 
Rectifier ::   a rectifier is an electrical device that converts alternating current ( ac ) , which periodically reverses direction , to direct current ( dc ) , which flows in only one direction . 
Datasaab ::   datasaab was the computer division of , and later a separate company spun off from , aircraft manufacturer saab in linköping , sweden . 
Barcode ::   a barcode is an optical , machine - readable , representation of data ; the data usually describes something about the object that carries the barcode . 
Dobro ::   the word dobro is , in popular usage , the generic term for a wood - bodied , single cone resonator guitar . 
Gniezno ::   gniezno (; ) is a city in central - western poland , about east of poznań , with about 70,000 inhabitants . 
PureBasic ::   purebasic is a commercially distributed procedural computer programming language and integrated development environment based on basic and developed by fantaisie software for windows 32/64-bit , linux 32/64-bit , and macos . 
Peripheral ::   a peripheral is " an ancillary device used to put information into and get information out of the computer " . 
ScriptBasic ::   scriptbasic is a scripting language variant of basic . 
Ashburn ::   ashburn is the name of several places in the united states of america : and in canada : 
Collectable ::   a collectable ( collectible or collector 's item ) is any object regarded as being of value or interest to a collector ( not necessarily monetarily valuable or antique ) . 
Burbank ::   burbank is both a common placename in english - speaking countries and a common surname ( last name ) . 
Varese ::   varese ( , latin " baretium " , archaic , " varés " in varesino ) is a city and " comune " in north - western lombardy , northern italy , north of milan . 
Carrollton ::   carrollton is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
Englewood ::   englewood is a corruption of dutch " engelse buurt " , or " english neighborhood " , which originally referred to englewood , new jersey 's status as one of the few english - speaking settlements in dutch - speaking new netherland . 
Goshen ::   goshen is a hebrew place name describing an area in ancient egypt 's nile delta . 
Como ::   como ( , ; lombard : " còmm " , " cómm " or " cùmm " ; ) is a city and " comune " in lombardy , italy . 
Maggotron ::   maggotron ( born james mccauley , and also known as dxj , maggozulu 2 , planet detroit and bass master kahn ) is one of the pioneers of bass music . 
Penmanship ::   penmanship is the technique of writing with the hand using a writing instrument . 
Ferrocene ::   ferrocene is an organometallic compound with the formula fe(ch ) . 
Cyclopentadiene ::   cyclopentadiene is an organic compound with the formula ch . 
Simputer ::   the simputer is a self - contained , open hardware linux - based handheld computer , first released in 2002 . 
Mebibyte ::   the mebibyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information . 
Anachronism ::   an anachronism ( from the greek , " against " and , " time " ) is a chronological inconsistency in some arrangement , especially a juxtaposition of persons , events , objects , or customs from different periods of time . 
Hetman ::   hetman is a political title from central and eastern europe , historically assigned to military commanders . 
Poitou ::   poitou ( ) was a province of west - central france whose capital city was poitiers . 
Pashtunistan ::   pashtūnistān (; also transliterated pakhtūnistān ; lit . " 
Pseudosphere ::   in geometry , the term pseudosphere is used to describe various surfaces with constant negative gaussian curvature . 
Gemology ::   gemology or gemmology is the science dealing with natural and artificial gemstone materials . 
Curvature ::   in mathematics , curvature is any of a number of loosely related concepts in different areas of geometry . 
ACID ::   in computer science , acid ( " atomicity , consistency , isolation , durability " ) is a set of properties of database transactions intended to guarantee validity even in the event of errors , power failures , etc . 
Limonite ::   limonite is an iron ore consisting of a mixture of hydrated iron(iii ) oxide - hydroxides in varying composition . 
Amphitrite ::   in ancient greek mythology , amphitrite (; ) was a sea goddess and wife of poseidon and the queen of the sea . 
Amphitryon ::   amphitryon (; , " gen " . : ἀμφιτρύωνος ; usually interpreted as " harassing either side " ) , in greek mythology , was a son of alcaeus , king of tiryns in argolis . 
Boulder ::   in geology , a boulder is a rock fragment with size greater than in diameter . 
Amphion ::   there are several characters named amphion ( derived from ἀμφί " amphi " " on both sides , in all directions , surrounding " as well as " around , about , near " ) in greek mythology : 
Otaniemi ::   otaniemi ( finnish ) , or otnäs ( swedish ) , is a district of espoo , finland . 
Timișoara ::   timișoara (; , also formerly " temeschburg " or " temeschwar " ; , ; ; serbian : " темишвар " , " temišvar " ; banat bulgarian : timišvár ; ; ) is the capital city of timiș county , and the main social , economic and cultural centre in western romania . 
Freidorf ::   freidorf ( german for " free village " ; ) was one of the first german settlements in temes county , kingdom of hungary . 
Endorphins ::   endorphins ( contracted from " endogenous morphine " ) are endogenous opioid neuropeptides and peptide hormones in humans and other animals . 
Cleopatra ::   cleopatra vii philopator (; 69 – august 12 , 30   bc ) , known to history simply as cleopatra , was the last active ruler of the ptolemaic kingdom of egypt , briefly survived as pharaoh by her son caesarion . 
Lepton ::   a lepton is an elementary , half - integer spin ( spin ) particle that does not undergo strong interactions . 
Hatshepsut ::   hatshepsut (; also hatchepsut ; egyptian : " ḥ3.t-šps.wt " " foremost of noble ladies " ; 1507–1458   bc ) was the fifth pharaoh of the eighteenth dynasty of egypt . 
Luminescence ::   luminescence is emission of light by a substance not resulting from heat ; it is thus a form of cold - body radiation . 
Photoluminescence ::   photoluminescence ( abbreviated as pl ) is light emission from any form of matter after the absorption of photons ( electromagnetic radiation ) . 
Triboluminescence ::   triboluminescence is an optical phenomenon in which light is generated through the breaking of chemical bonds in a material when it is pulled apart , ripped , scratched , crushed , or rubbed ( see tribology ) . 
Electroluminescence ::   electroluminescence ( el ) is an optical phenomenon and electrical phenomenon in which a material emits light in response to the passage of an electric current or to a strong electric field . 
Watch ::   a watch is a small timepiece intended to be carried or worn by a person . 
Photoconductivity ::   photoconductivity is an optical and electrical phenomenon in which a material becomes more electrically conductive due to the absorption of electromagnetic radiation such as visible light , ultraviolet light , infrared light , or gamma radiation . 
Surveying ::   surveying or land surveying is the technique , profession , and science of determining the terrestrial or three - dimensional positions of points and the distances and angles between them . 
Carp ::   carp are various species of oily freshwater fish from the family cyprinidae , a very large group of fish native to europe and asia . 
Stigmergy ::   stigmergy is a consensus social network mechanism of indirect coordination , through the environment , between agents or actions . 
Tetrahydrocannabinol ::   tetrahydrocannabinol ( thc ) refers to a psychotropic cannabinoid ( dronabinol , trade name marinol is a synthetic form of thc , approved by the fda ) and is the principal psychoactive constituent of cannabis . 
Phenomenon ::   a phenomenon ( greek:φαινόμενον , " phainómenon " , from the verb " phainein " , to show , shine , appear , to be manifest or manifest itself , plural phenomena ) is any thing which manifests itself . 
Pleochroism ::   pleochroism is an optical phenomenon in which a substance has different colors when observed at different angles , especially with polarized light . 
Cardamom ::   cardamom ( ) , sometimes cardamon or cardamum , is a spice made from the seeds of several plants in the genera " elettaria " and " amomum " in the family zingiberaceae . 
Northstar ::   northstar ( ) ( jean - paul beaubier ) is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics . 
Firefly ::   the lampyridae are a family of insects in the beetle order coleoptera . 
Mellotron ::   the mellotron is an electro - mechanical , polyphonic tape replay keyboard originally developed and built in birmingham , england , in 1963 . 
West ::   west is one of the four cardinal directions or points of the compass . 
East ::   east is one of the four cardinal directions or points of the compass . 
Rationality ::   rationality is the quality or state of being rational : based on or agreeable to reason . 
Thrasybulus ::   thrasybulus (; , " thrasyboulos " ; " brave - willed " ; c. 440 – 388 bc ) was an athenian general and democratic leader . 
MacGuffin ::   in fiction , a macguffin ( sometimes mcguffin or maguffin ) is a plot device in the form of some goal , desired object , or other motivator that the protagonist pursues , often with little or no narrative explanation . 
Ostpolitik ::   neue ostpolitik ( german for " new eastern policy " ) , or ostpolitik for short , was the normalization of relations between the federal republic of germany ( frg , or west germany ) and eastern europe , particularly the german democratic republic ( gdr , or east germany ) beginning in 1969 
Glycomics ::   glycomics is the comprehensive study of glycomes ( the entire complement of sugars , whether free or present in more complex molecules of an organism ) , including genetic , physiologic , pathologic , and other aspects . 
Armistice ::   an armistice is a formal agreement of warring parties to stop fighting . 
Taboo ::   a taboo is a vehement prohibition of an action based on the belief that such behavior is either too sacred or too accursed for ordinary individuals to undertake . 
Finistère ::   finistère (; ) is a department of france in the extreme west of brittany . 
Leicestershire ::   leicestershire ( or ; abbreviation leics . ) is a landlocked county in the english midlands . 
Taurine ::   taurine ( ) , or 2-aminoethanesulfonic acid , is an organic compound that is widely distributed in animal tissues . 
Transmitter ::   in electronics and telecommunications a transmitter or radio transmitter is an electronic device which produces radio waves with an antenna . 
Mistinguett ::   mistinguett (; 3 april 1875 – 5 january 1956 ) was a french actress and singer , whose birth name was jeanne florentine bourgeois . 
Externality ::   in economics , an externality is the cost or benefit that affects a party who did not choose to incur that cost or benefit . 
Vermes ::   vermes ( " worms " ) is an obsolete taxon used by carl linnaeus for all non - arthropod invertebrate animals . 
Anatase ::   anatase is one of the three mineral forms of titanium dioxide , the other two being brookite and rutile . 
Octahedrite ::   octahedrites are the most common structural class of iron meteorites . 
Spintronics ::   spintronics ( a portmanteau meaning spin transport electronics ) , also known as spin electronics , is the study of the intrinsic spin of the electron and its associated magnetic moment , in addition to its fundamental electronic charge , in solid - state devices . 
Candy ::   candy , also called sweets or lollies , is a confection that features sugar as a principal ingredient . 
Piophilidae ::   the piophilidae are a family of " true flies " , in the order diptera . 
Unisys ::   unisys corporation is an american global information technology company based in blue bell , pennsylvania , that provides a portfolio of it services , software , and technology . 
Cathodoluminescence ::   cathodoluminescence is an optical and electromagnetic phenomenon in which electrons impacting on a luminescent material such as a phosphor , cause the emission of photons which may have wavelengths in the visible spectrum . 
Zine ::   a zine ( ; short for " magazine " or " fanzine " ) is most commonly a small - circulation self - published work of original or appropriated texts and images , usually reproduced via photocopier . 
Glendale ::   glendale is the anglicised version of the gaelic gleann dail , which means " valley of fertile , low - lying arable land " ; the name originated in scotland . 
Ithaca ::   ithaca or ithaka (; greek : ιθάκη , " ithakē " ) is a greek island located in the ionian sea , off the northeast coast of kefalonia and to the west of continental greece . 
Jamestown ::   jamestown often refers to : jamestown may also refer to : 
Mosaic ::   a mosaic is a piece of art or image made from the assemblage of small pieces of colored glass , stone , or other materials . 
Stirling ::   stirling (; ; ) is a city in central scotland . 
Shannara ::   shannara is a series of high fantasy novels written by terry brooks , beginning with " the sword of shannara " in 1977 and continuing through " the black elfstone " which was released in june 2017 ; there is also a prequel , " first king of shannara " . 
Alcibiades ::   alcibiades , son of cleinias , from the deme of scambonidae (; greek : , transliterated " alkibiádēs kleiníou skambōnídēs " ; c. 450–404 bc ) , was a prominent athenian statesman , orator , and general . 
Hippopotamidae ::   hippopotamuses are stout , naked - skinned , and amphibious artiodactyl members ( and the only living members ) of the family hippopotamidae possessing three - chambered stomachs and walking on four toes on each foot . 
Addition ::   addition ( often signified by the plus symbol " + " ) is one of the four basic operations of arithmetic , with the others being subtraction , multiplication and division . 
Balderdash ::   balderdash is a board game of bluffing and trivia created by laura robinson and paul toyne of toronto , ontario , canada . 
Lightning ::   lightning is a sudden electrostatic discharge that occurs during a thunderstorm . 
X.500 ::   x.500 is a series of computer networking standards covering electronic directory services . 
ObjectPAL ::   objectpal is short for object - oriented paradox application language , which is the programming language used by the borland paradox database application ( now owned by corel ) . 
Deoxyribose ::   deoxyribose , or more precisely 2-deoxyribose , is a monosaccharide with idealized formula h−(c = o)−(ch)−(choh)−h. its name indicates that it is a deoxy sugar , meaning that it is derived from the sugar ribose by loss of an oxygen atom . 
Ribose ::   ribose is a carbohydrate with the formula cho ; specifically , it is a pentose monosaccharide ( simple sugar ) with linear form h−(c = o)−(choh)−h , which has all the hydroxyl groups on the same side in the fischer projection . 
Superpower ::   superpower is a term used to describe a state with a dominant position , which is characterised by its extensive ability to exert influence or project power on a global scale . 
Camprodon ::   camprodon ( , ; from " camp rodó " " round field " , ultimately from latin " campus rotundus " ) is a small town in the comarca of ripollès in girona , catalonia , spain , located in the pyrenees , near the french border . 
Figueres ::   figueres ( , catalan for " fig trees " ) is the capital of the " comarca " of alt empordà , in the province of girona , catalonia , spain . 
Chico ::   chico ( ) means " small " , " boy " or " child " in the spanish language . 
Southsea ::   southsea is a seaside resort and geographic area , located in portsmouth at the southern end of portsea island , hampshire , england . 
Australopithecus ::   australopithecus ( , ; etymology latin " australis " " southern " , greek πίθηκος " pithekos " " ape " ; informal australopithecine or australopith , although the term australopithecine has a broader meaning as a member of the subtribe australopithecina which includes this genus as well as " paranthropus " , " kenyanthropus " , " ardipithecus " , and " praeanthropus " ) is an extinct genus of hominins . 
Nestorius ::   nestorius (; in ; 386   – 450 ) was archbishop of constantinople ( now istanbul ) from 10 april 428 to august 431 , when emperor theodosius ii confirmed his condemnation by the council of ephesus on 22 june . 
Juneteenth ::   juneteenth , also known as juneteenth independence day or freedom day , is an american holiday that commemorates the june 19 , 1865 announcement of the abolition of slavery in the u.s. state of texas , and more generally the emancipation of african - american slaves throughout the former confederacy of the southern united states . 
Jupiter-C ::   the jupiter - c was an american research and development vehicle developed from the jupiter - a. jupiter - c was used for three sub - orbital spaceflights in 1956 and 1957 to test re - entry nosecones that were later to be deployed on the more advanced pgm-19 jupiter mobile missile . 
Spiral ::   in mathematics , a spiral is a curve which emanates from a point , moving farther away as it revolves around the point . 
Edgewater ::   edgewater is a common name used throughout the world as a place name . 
Echinococcosis ::   echinococcosis is a parasitic disease of tapeworms of the " echinococcus " type . 
Gainesville ::   gainesville is the name of several places in the united states of america : 
Greenville ::   greenville is the name of several places : 
Denethor ::   denethor ii , son of ecthelion ii , is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's " the return of the king " , which is the third and final part of his novel " the lord of the rings " . 
Genesee ::   genesee , derived from the seneca word for " pleasant valley " , has been used as the name of : 
Boromir ::   boromir is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
Gondor ::   gondor is a fictional kingdom in j. r. r. tolkien 's writings , described as the greatest realm of men in the west of middle - earth by the end of the third age . 
Tradescantia ::   tradescantia is a genus of 75 species of herbaceous perennial wildflowers in the family commelinaceae , native to the new world from southern canada to northern argentina , including the west indies . 
Linden ::   linden is one of three english names for the tree genus " tilia " ( also known as " lime " and " basswood " ) . 
Manville ::   manville is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
Lindenhurst ::   lindenhurst is the name of some places in the united states : 
Bacău ::   bacău (; , ) is the main city in bacău county , romania . 
Ghostscript ::   ghostscript is a suite of software based on an interpreter for adobe systems ' postscript and portable document format ( pdf ) page description languages . 
Halftone ::   halftone is the reprographic technique that simulates continuous tone imagery through the use of dots , varying either in size or in spacing , thus generating a gradient - like effect . 
Gersonides ::   levi ben gershon ( 1288–1344 ) , better known by his graecized name as gersonides or the abbreviation of first letters as ralbag , was a medieval french philosopher , talmudist , mathematician , physician and astronomer / astrologer . 
Amorphophallus ::   amorphophallus ( from ancient greek " amorphos " , " without form , misshapen " + " phallos " , " penis " , referring to the shape of the prominent spadix ) , commonly known as zaminkand , is a large genus of some 200 tropical and subtropical tuberous herbaceous plants from the " arum " family ( araceae ) , native to asia , africa , australia and various oceanic islands . 
Aye-aye ::   the aye - aye ( " daubentonia madagascariensis " ) is a lemur , a strepsirrhine primate native to madagascar that combines rodent - like teeth that perpetually grow and a special thin middle finger . 
Sahelanthropus ::   sahelanthropus tchadensis is an extinct homininae species ( and is probably the ancestor to " orrorin " ) that is dated to about , during the miocene epoch , possibly very close to the time of the chimpanzee – human divergence . 
Boustrophedon ::   boustrophedon ( , ' " ox - turning " from , ' , " ox " , , " " , " turn " and the adverbial suffix - , " like , in the manner of " ; that is , turning like oxen in ploughing ) is a kind of bi - directional text , mostly seen in ancient manuscripts and other inscriptions . 
Shrub ::   a shrub or bush is a small to medium - sized woody plant . 
Nagoya ::   the city 's name was historically written as 那古野 or 名護屋 ( both read as " nagoya " ) . 
Shikoku ::   shikoku island , comprising shikoku and its surrounding islets , covers about and consists of four prefectures : ehime , kagawa , kōchi , and tokushima . 
Fukuoka ::   , fukuoka is japan ’s fifth largest city , having passed the population of kobe . 
Kamakura ::   as of september 1 , 2016 , the modern city has an estimated population of 172,302 and a population density of 4,358.77 persons per km² . 
Bedouin ::   the bedouin (; arabic : " badawī " ) is a grouping of nomadic arab peoples who have historically inhabited the desert regions in north africa , the arabian peninsula , iraq , and the levant . 
Howard ::   howard is an english - language given name originating from old norse " hávarðr " , which means " high guard " . 
Illyricum ::   illyricum can refer to : 
Pilgrim ::   a pilgrim ( from the latin " peregrinus " ) is a traveler ( literally one who has come from afar ) who is on a journey to a holy place . 
Dorking ::   dorking is a market town in surrey , england between ranmore common in the north downs range of hills and leith hill in the greensand ridge , centred from london . 
Conon ::   conon ( ) ( before 444 bc – after 394 bc ) was an athenian general at the end of the peloponnesian war , who led the athenian naval forces when they were defeated by a peloponnesian fleet in the crucial battle of aegospotami ; later he contributed significantly to the restoration of athens ' political and military power . 
Reșița ::   the name of " reșița " might come from the latin " recitia " , meaning " cold spring " , as the historian nicolae iorga once suggested , presuming that the romans gave this name to resita , from a water spring on the doman valley . 
Euphorbia ::   euphorbia is a very large and diverse genus of flowering plants , commonly called spurge , in the spurge family ( euphorbiaceae ) . 
Château ::   a château ( plural " châteaux " ; ) is a manor house or residence of the lord of the manor or a country house of nobility or gentry , with or without fortifications , originally — and still most frequently — in french - speaking regions . 
Mayonnaise ::   mayonnaise ( , or in ame also , and often abbreviated as mayo ) is a thick , creamy dressing often used as a condiment . 
Sauce ::   in cooking , a sauce is a liquid , cream , or semi - solid food served on or used in preparing other foods . 
Salsa ::   salsa usually refers to : 
Beefsteak ::   a beefsteak is a flat cut of beef , usually cut perpendicular to the muscle fibers . 
Steakhouse ::   a steakhouse , steak house , or chophouse is a restaurant that specializes in steaks and chops . 
Salad ::   a salad is a dish consisting of a mixture of small pieces of food , usually predominantly vegetables . 
Detonator ::   a detonator , frequently a blasting cap , is a device used to trigger an explosive device . 
Trichuriasis ::   trichuriasis , also known as whipworm infection , is an infection by the parasitic worm " trichuris trichiura " ( whipworm ) . 
Onobrychis ::   onobrychis , the sainfoins , are eurasian perennial herbs of the legume family ( fabaceae ) . 
Festschrift ::   in academia , a festschrift (; plural , " festschriften " ) is a book honoring a respected person , especially an academic , and presented during their lifetime . 
Tannin ::   a tannin ( or tannoid ) is an astringent , polyphenolic biomolecule that binds to and precipitates proteins and various other organic compounds including amino acids and alkaloids . 
Trilobite ::   trilobites (; meaning " three lobes " ) are a fossil group of extinct marine arachnomorph arthropods that form the class trilobita . 
Lozère ::   lozère (; [ lu'zeɾɔ ] ) is a department in the region of occitanie in southern france near the massif central . 
Merida ::   mérida or merida ( often from latin emerita , referring to roman veteran colonists ) may mean : 
CNN ::   cable news network ( cnn ) is an american basic cable and satellite television news channel owned by the turner broadcasting system , a division of time warner . 
Panthéon ::   the panthéon ( , from greek πάνθειον ( ἱερόν ) ' ( temple ) to all the gods ' ) is a building in the latin quarter in paris . 
Trotskyism ::   trotskyism is the theory of marxism as advocated by leon trotsky . 
Margriet ::   margriet is a dutch feminine given name , a form of margaretha ( margaret ) . 
Ninotchka ::   ninotchka is a 1939 american film made for metro - goldwyn - mayer by producer and director ernst lubitsch which stars greta garbo and melvyn douglas . 
Bab-el-Mandeb ::   the bab - el - mandeb ( arabic :   ,   " gate of tears " ) or mandeb strait is a strait located between yemen on the arabian peninsula , and djibouti and eritrea in the horn of africa . 
Custard ::   custard is a variety of culinary preparations based on a cooked mixture of milk or cream and egg yolk . 
Klez ::   klez is a computer worm that propagates via e - mail . 
Condiment ::   a condiment is a spice , sauce , or preparation that is added to food to impart a particular flavor , to enhance its flavor , or in some cultures , to complement the dish . 
Convolvulaceae ::   convolvulaceae , known commonly as the bindweed or morning glory family , is a family of about 60 genera and more than 1,650 species of mostly herbaceous vines , but also trees , shrubs and herbs . 
Rotifer ::   the rotifers ( rotifera , commonly called wheel animals ) make up a phylum of microscopic and near - microscopic pseudocoelomate animals . 
Trifle ::   trifle in english cuisine is a dessert made with fruit , a thin layer of sponge fingers or sponge cake soaked in sherry or another fortified wine , and custard . 
Crinoid ::   crinoids are marine animals that make up the class crinoidea of the echinoderms ( phylum echinodermata ) . 
Graptolithina ::   graptolithina is a class of hemichordate animal , the members of which are known as graptolites . 
Bilateria ::   the bilateria or bilaterians , or triploblasts , are animals with bilateral symmetry , i.e. , they have a head ( " anterior " ) and a tail ( " posterior " ) as well as a back ( " dorsal " ) and a belly ( " ventral " ) ; therefore they also have a left side and a right side . 
Livermorium ::   livermorium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol lv and atomic number 116 . 
Oganesson ::   oganesson is a synthetic chemical element with symbol og and atomic number 118 . 
Anina ::   anina (; german : " steierdorf " ; hungarian : " stájerlakanina " ) is a town in southwestern romania , in caraş - severin county , with a population of 10,886 in 2000 . 
Oravița ::   oravița (; ; ; ; ) is a town in southwestern romania , in caraș - severin county , with a population of 15,524 in 2000 . 
Caransebeș ::   caransebeș (; ; , : ; ) is a city in caraș - severin county , part of the banat region in southwestern romania . 
Bocșa ::   bocșa (; ; ) is a town in caraș - severin county , in southwestern romania , with a population of 15,842 in 2011 . 
Ctenophora ::   ctenophora (; singular ctenophore , or ; from the greek κτείς " kteis " ' comb ' and φέρω " pherō " ' carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of invertebrate animals that live in marine waters worldwide . 
Heterotardigrada ::   the class heterotardigrada includes tardigrades ( water bears ) that have cephalic appendages and legs with four separate but similar digits or claws on each . 
Macaw ::   macaws are long - tailed , often colorful new world parrots . 
Psittacidae ::   the family psittacidae is one of three families of true parrots . 
Mesotardigrada ::   the class mesotardigrada has only one species , thermozodium esakii . 
Naxos ::   naxos (; greek : , ) is a greek island — at the largest of the cyclades island group in the aegean . 
Sircam ::   sircam is a computer worm that propagates by e - mail from microsoft windows systems . 
Eutardigrade ::   eutardigrada are a class of tardigrada without lateral appendices . 
Dinoflagellate ::   the dinoflagellates ( greek δῖνος " dinos " " whirling " and latin " flagellum " " whip , scourge " ) are a large group of flagellate eukaryotes that constitute the phylum dinoflagellata . 
Alveolate ::   the alveolates ( meaning " with cavities " ) are a group of protists , considered a major clade and superphylum within eukarya , and are also called alveolata . 
Cryptomonad ::   the cryptomonads ( or cryptophytes ) are a group of algae , most of which have plastids . 
Pfizer ::   pfizer inc. is an american pharmaceutical corporation headquartered in new york city , with its research headquarters in groton , connecticut . 
Forgery ::   forgery is the process of making , adapting , or imitating objects , statistics , or documents with the intent to deceive for the sake of altering the public perception , or to earn profit by selling the forged item . 
Pharmacia ::   pharmacia was a pharmaceutical and biotechnological company in sweden that merged with the american pharmaceutical company upjohn in 1995 . 
Speex ::   speex is an audio compression format designed for speech and also a free software speech codec that may be used on voip applications and podcasts . 
Cloture ::   cloture ( , ) , closure , or , informally , a guillotine is a motion or process in parliamentary procedure aimed at bringing debate to a quick end . 
Adamant ::   adamant and similar words are used to refer to any especially hard substance , whether composed of diamond , some other gemstone , or some type of metal . 
Rivendell ::   rivendell is an elven realm in middle - earth , a fictional world created by j. r. r. tolkien . 
Meta-analysis ::   a meta - analysis is a statistical analysis that combines the results of multiple scientific studies . 
RSX-11 ::   rsx-11 is a discontinued family of real - time operating systems mainly for pdp-11 computers created by digital equipment corporation ( dec ) , common in the late 1970s and early 1980s . 
Prune ::   a prune is a dried plum of any cultivar , mostly " prunus domestica " or european plum . 
Moa ::   the moa were nine species ( in six genera ) of flightless birds endemic to new zealand . 
Alquerque ::   alquerque ( also known as qirkat ) is a strategy board game that is thought to have originated in the middle east . 
Beatnik ::   beatnik was a media stereotype prevalent throughout the 1950s to mid-1960s that displayed the more superficial aspects of the beat generation literary movement of the 1950s . 
Centrohelid ::   the centrohelids or centroheliozoa are a large group of heliozoan protists . 
Lovebird ::   a lovebird is one of nine species of the genus " agapornis " ( greek : αγάπη " agape " ' love ' ; όρνις " ornis " ' bird ' ) . 
Tarsier ::   tarsiers are any haplorrhine primates of the family tarsiidae , which is itself the lone extant family within the infraorder tarsiiformes . 
Schooner ::   a schooner is a type of sailing vessel with fore - and - aft sails on two or more masts , the foremast being shorter than the main and no taller than the mizzen if there is one . 
Salerno ::   salerno ( ) is a city and " comune " in campania ( south - western italy ) and is the capital of the province of the same name . 
Modena ::   modena (; etruscan : " mutna " ; ; modenese : " mòdna " ) is a city and " comune " ( municipality ) on the south side of the po valley , in the province of modena in the emilia - romagna region of northern italy . 
Evaluation ::   evaluation is a systematic determination of a subject 's merit , worth and significance , using criteria governed by a set of standards . 
SCADA ::   supervisory control and data acquisition ( scada ) is a control system architecture that uses computers , networked data communications and graphical user interfaces for high - level process supervisory management , but uses other peripheral devices such as programmable logic controllers and discrete pid controllers to interface to the process plant or machinery . 
Independence ::   independence is a condition of a nation , country , or state in which its residents and population , or some portion thereof , exercise self - government , and usually sovereignty , over the territory . 
Draughts ::   draughts ( british english ) or checkers ( american english ) is a group of strategy board games for two players which involve diagonal moves of uniform game pieces and mandatory captures by jumping over opponent pieces . 
Umami ::   umami ( ) , or savory taste , is one of the five basic tastes ( together with sweetness , sourness , bitterness , and saltiness ) . 
Mimosoideae ::   the mimosoideae comprise a subfamily of the flowering plant family fabaceae ( leguminosae ) characterized by flowers with small petals and numerous prominent stamens . 
Merovech ::   merovech ( 415 - 458 ) is the semi - legendary founder of the merovingian dynasty of the salian franks ( although either childeric i , his supposed son , or clovis i , his supposed grandson , may in fact be the founder ) , which later became the dominant frankish tribe . 
Clotilde ::   saint clotilde ( 475–545 ) , also known as clothilde , clotilda , clotild , rotilde etc . 
Bendigo ::   bendigo is a city in victoria , australia , located very close to the geographical centre of the state and approximately north west of the state capital , melbourne . 
Omsk ::   omsk ( ) is a city and the administrative center of omsk oblast , russia , located in southwestern siberia from moscow . 
Polyploid ::   polyploid cells and organisms are those containing more than two paired ( homologous ) sets of chromosomes . 
Pyrrolysine ::   pyrrolysine ( abbreviated as pyl or o ; encoded by the ' amber ' stop codon uag ) is an ɑ - amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins in some methanogenic archaea and bacteria ; it is not present in humans . 
Shelob ::   shelob is a fictional giant spider from j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
RiscPC ::   the riscpc ( stylised with a half - space as ' , also referred to as ' and codenamed medusa ) was acorn computers 's next generation risc os / acorn risc machine computer , launched on 15 april 1994 , which superseded the acorn archimedes . 
Trabzon ::   trabzon ( ) , historically known as trebizond ( in ancient greek : τραπεζοῦς " trapezous " ) is a city on the black sea coast of northeastern turkey and the capital of trabzon province . 
WWE ::   world wrestling entertainment , inc. ( d / b / a wwe ) is an american publicly traded , privately controlled entertainment company that deals primarily in professional wrestling , with revenue also coming from film , music , video games , product licensing , and direct product sales . 
Archean ::   the archean eon ( , also spelled archaean ) is a geologic eon , ( 4 to 2.5 billion years ) , that followed the hadean eon and preceded the proterozoic eon . 
Stromatolite ::   stromatolites ( ) or stromatoliths ( from greek " strōma " " layer , stratum " ( " strōmatos " ) , and " lithos " " rock " ) are layered bio - chemical accretionary structures formed in shallow water by the trapping , binding and cementation of sedimentary grains by biofilms ( microbial mats ) of microorganisms , especially cyanobacteria . 
Autogyro ::   an autogyro ( from greek αὐτός + γύρος , " self - turning " ) , also known as gyroplane , gyrocopter , or rotaplane , is a type of rotorcraft that uses an unpowered rotor in autorotation to develop lift , and an engine - powered propeller , similar to that of a fixed - wing aircraft , to provide thrust . 
Éowyn ::   éowyn is a fictional character in tolkien 's legendarium who appears in his most famous work , " the lord of the rings " . 
Éomer ::   éomer is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
Radagast ::   radagast the brown is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
Déagol ::   déagol is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
Austrasia ::   austrasia was a territory which formed the northeastern section of the merovingian kingdom of the franks during the 6th to 8th centuries . 
Soybean ::   glycine max , commonly known as soybean in north america or soya bean , is a species of legume native to east asia , widely grown for its edible bean which has numerous uses . 
Edamame ::   edamame , or edamame bean , is a preparation of immature soybeans in the pod , found in cuisines with origins from east asia . 
Fabaceae ::   the fabaceae or papilionoideae , commonly known as the legume , pea , or bean family , is a large and economically important family of flowering plants . 
Reelin ::   reelin ( reln ) is a large secreted extracellular matrix glycoprotein that helps regulate processes of neuronal migration and positioning in the developing brain by controlling cell - cell interactions . 
Neuropil ::   neuropil ( or " neuropile " ) is any area in the nervous system composed of mostly unmyelinated axons , dendrites and glial cell processes that forms a synaptically dense region containing a relatively low number of cell bodies . 
Bennelong ::   woollarawarre bennelong ( c. 1764 – 3 january 1813 ) " ( also : " baneelon " ) " was a senior man of the eora , an aboriginal ( koori ) people of the port jackson area , at the time of the , in 1788 . 
Faboideae ::   the faboideae are a subfamily of the flowering plant family fabaceae or leguminosae . 
Dingo ::   the dingo ( " canis dingo " or " canis lupus dingo " ) is a type of feral dog native to australia . 
Sherden ::   the sherden ( egyptian " šrdn " , " š3rd3n3 " or " š3rdyn3 " , ugaritic " šrdnn(m ) " and " trtn(m ) " , possibly akkadian " še – er – ta – an – nu " ; also glossed “ shardana ” or 
Daphnia ::   daphnia , a genus of small planktonic crustaceans , are in length . 
Albertville ::   albertville (; arpitan : " arbèrtvile " ) is a commune in the savoie department in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region in south - eastern france . 
Montparnasse ::   montparnasse ( ) ( ) is an area of paris , france , on the left bank of the river seine , centred at the crossroads of the boulevard du montparnasse and the rue de rennes , between the rue de rennes and boulevard raspail . 
Haverhill ::   haverhill is the name of a number of different places in the world : 
Auction ::   an auction is a process of buying and selling goods or services by offering them up for bid , taking bids , and then selling the item to the highest bidder . 
Marydel ::   marydel is the name of two places in the united states of america ( acquiring their names by being on the maryland - delaware border ) : 
Norwalk ::   norwalk is the name of several places in the united states of america : norwalk may also refer to : 
SLR ::   the initialism slr can refer to : 
Medicago ::   medicago is a genus of flowering plants , commonly known as medick or burclover , in the legume ( fabaceae ) family . 
Nun ::   a nun is a member of a religious community of women , typically one living under vows of poverty , chastity , and obedience . 
Theophylline ::   theophylline , also known as 1,3-dimethylxanthine , is a methylxanthine drug used in therapy for respiratory diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) and asthma under a variety of brand names . 
Nocturnality ::   nocturnality is an animal behavior characterized by being active during the night and sleeping during the day . 
Mauthausen ::   mauthausen is a small market town in the austrian state of upper austria . 
Hound ::   a hound is a type of dog used by hunters to track or chase prey . 
Novosibirsk ::   novosibirsk ( ) is the third - most populous city in russia after moscow and st.   petersburg . 
Akademgorodok ::   akademgorodok ( , " academic town " ) is a part of the sovetsky district of the city of novosibirsk , russia , located 30   km south of the city center and about 10   km west of the science town koltsovo . 
Speculation ::   speculation is the purchase of an asset ( a commodity , goods , or real estate ) with the hope that it will become more valuable at a future date . 
Wholesaling ::   wholesaling , jobbing , or distributing is the sale of goods or merchandise to retailers ; to industrial , commercial , institutional , or other professional business users ; or to other wholesalers and related subordinated services . 
Post-rock ::   post - rock is a form of experimental rock characterized by the influence and use of instruments commonly associated with rock music , but using rhythms and " guitars as facilitators of timbre and textures " not traditionally found in rock . 
Kourou ::   kourou is a commune in french guiana , an overseas region and department of france located in south america . 
Avesta ::   the avesta is the primary collection of religious texts of zoroastrianism , composed in the otherwise unrecorded avestan language . 
Investment ::   to invest is to allocate money ( or sometimes another resource , such as time ) in the expectation of some benefit in the future , for example , investment on durable good such as real estate for service industry and factory for manufacturing product development , which are two common types for micro - economic output in modern economy . 
Veracruz ::   veracruz ( ) , formally veracruz de ignacio de la llave ( ) , officially the free and sovereign state of veracruz de ignacio de la llave ( ) , is one of the 31 states that , along with the federal district , comprise the 32 federative entities of mexico . 
R2-D2 ::   r2-d2 is a fictional robot character in the " star wars " franchise created by george lucas , who appears in the original trilogy , the prequel trilogy , the sequel trilogy , and rogue one . 
C-3PO ::   c-3po ( ) or see - threepio is a humanoid robot character from the " star wars " franchise who appears in the original trilogy , the prequel trilogy and the sequel trilogy . 
Yoda ::   yoda is a fictional character in the " star wars " franchise created by george lucas , first appearing in the 1980 film " the empire strikes back " . 
Dissent ::   dissent is a sentiment or philosophy of non - agreement or opposition to a prevailing idea ( e.g. ,   a government 's policies ) or an entity ( e.g. ,   an individual or political party which supports such policies ) . 
Bee-eater ::   the bee - eaters are a group of near - passerine birds in the family meropidae containing three genera and 27 species . 
Florine ::   florine is both a surname and a feminine french given name . 
Pilcrow ::   the pilcrow ( ¶ ) , also called the paragraph mark , paragraph sign , paraph , alinea ( latin : " a lineā " , " off the line " ) , or blind p , is a typographical character for individual paragraphs . 
Haarlem ::   haarlem (; predecessor of " harlem " in the english language ) is a city and municipality in the netherlands . 
Dionysus ::   dionysus (; " dionysos " ) is the god of the grape harvest , winemaking and wine , of ritual madness , fertility , theatre and religious ecstasy in ancient greek religion and myth . 
Ineffability ::   ineffability is concerned with ideas that can not or should not be expressed in spoken words ( or language in general ) , often being in the form of a taboo or incomprehensible term . 
Supersaturation ::   supersaturation is a state of a solution that contains more of the dissolved material than could be dissolved by the solvent under normal circumstances . 
Columbidae ::   pigeons and doves constitute the bird family columbidae and the order columbiformes , which includes about 42 genera and 310 species . the related word " columbine " refers to pigeons and doves . 
Bacon ::   bacon is a meat product prepared from cured pork . 
Treebeard ::   treebeard ( sindarin : " fangorn " ) is a fictional character from j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth fantasy writings . 
Heuristic ::   a heuristic technique (; , " find " or " discover " ) , often called simply a heuristic , is any approach to problem solving , learning , or discovery that employs a practical method not guaranteed to be optimal or perfect , but sufficient for the immediate goals . 
Ungoliant ::   ungoliant is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium , described as an evil spirit in the form of a spider . 
Goldberry ::   goldberry is a supporting character from j. r. r. tolkien 's " the lord of the rings " . 
Arwen ::   arwen undómiel is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
Paragliding ::   paragliding is the recreational and competitive adventure sport of flying paragliders : lightweight , free - flying , foot - launched glider aircraft with no rigid primary structure . 
Campinas ::   campinas ( , " plains " or " meadows " ) is a brazilian municipality in são paulo state , part of the country 's southeast region . 
Tiltrotor ::   a tiltrotor is an aircraft which generates lift and propulsion by way of one or more powered rotors ( sometimes called " proprotors " ) mounted on rotating engine pods or nacelles usually at the ends of a fixed wing or an engine mounted in the fuselage with drive shafts transferring power to rotor assemblies mounted on the wingtips . 
Inflorescence ::   an inflorescence is a group or cluster of flowers arranged on a stem that is composed of a main branch or a complicated arrangement of branches . 
Lutefisk ::   lutefisk ( norwegian ) , ludfisk ( danish ) or lutfisk ( swedish ) ( pronounced in northern and central norway , in southern norway , in sweden and in finland ( ) ) is a traditional dish of some nordic countries . 
Alanine ::   alanine ( abbreviated as ala or a ) is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
Histidine ::   histidine ( abbreviated as his or h ; encoded by the codons cau and cac ) is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
Isoleucine ::   isoleucine ( abbreviated as ile or i ) encoded by the codons att , atc , ata is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
Lysine ::   lysine ( abbreviated as lys or k ) , encoded by the codons aaa and aag , is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
Leucine ::   leucine ( abbreviated as leu or l ) is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
Pancreatitis ::   pancreatitis is inflammation of the pancreas . 
Asparagine ::   asparagine ( abbreviated as asn or n ) , encoded by the codons aau and aac , is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
Glutamine ::   glutamine ( abbreviated as gln or q ; encoded by the codons caa and cag ) is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
Arginine ::   arginine ( abbreviated as arg or r ) encoded by the codons cgu , cgc , cga , cgg , aga , and agg is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins and is the precursor for the synthesis of nitric oxide . 
Serine ::   serine ( abbreviated as ser or s ) encoded by the codons ucu , ucc , uca , ucg , agu and agc is an ɑ - amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
Amylase ::   an amylase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyses the hydrolysis of starch into sugars . 
Threonine ::   threonine ( abbreviated as thr or t ) is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
Valine ::   valine ( abbreviated as val or v ) is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
Hematology ::   hematology , also spelled haematology , is the branch of medicine concerned with the study of the cause , diagnosis , treatment , and prevention of diseases related to blood . 
QuickBASIC ::   microsoft quickbasic ( also qb ) is an integrated development environment ( or ide ) and compiler for the basic programming language that was developed by microsoft . 
Grouse ::   grouse are a group of birds from the order galliformes , in the family phasianidae . 
Sparrow ::   sparrows are a family of small passerine birds , passeridae . 
Defenestration ::   defenestration is the act of throwing someone or something out of a window . 
-logy ::   -logy is a suffix in the english language , used with words originally adapted from ancient greek ending in ( " -logia " ) . 
Cashew ::   the cashew tree ( " anacardium occidentale " ) is a tropical evergreen tree that produces the cashew seed and the cashew apple . 
Simkin ::   simkin is a given name and a surname . 
Campylobacter ::   campylobacter ( meaning " curved bacteria " ) is a genus of gram - negative bacteria . " 
Peafowl ::   the peafowl include three species of birds in the genera " pavo " and " afropavo " of the phasianidae family , the pheasants and their allies . 
Ibiza ::   ibiza ( ) is an island in the mediterranean sea off the east coast of spain . 
Soča ::   the soča ( in slovene ) or isonzo ( in italian ) ( other names , , ) is a long river that flows through western slovenia ( ) and northeastern italy ( ) . 
Kobarid ::   kobarid (; , , ) is a settlement in slovenia , the administrative centre of the municipality of kobarid . 
Lewisburg ::   lewisburg is the name of several places in the united states of america : 
Partridge ::   partridges are medium - sized non - migratory gamebirds , with a wide native distribution throughout the old world , including europe , asia , and parts of africa . 
Fly ::   true flies are insects of the order diptera , the name being derived from the greek δι- " di- " " two " , and πτερόν " pteron " " wings " . 
Sharon ::   sharon ( " šārôn " " plain " ) is a given name as well as an israeli surname . 
Van ::   a van is a type of road vehicle used for transporting goods or people . 
Tramp ::   a tramp is a long - term homeless person who travels from place to place as a vagrant , traditionally walking all year round . 
Palantír ::   a palantír ( " pl . " palantíri ) is a fictional magical artefact from j. r. r. tolkien 's fantasy legendarium . 
Alpha-Methyltryptamine ::   α-methyltryptamine ( abbreviated as αmt , amt ) is a psychedelic , stimulant , and entactogen drug of the tryptamine class . 
Eärendil ::   eärendil the mariner ( pronounced ) is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
Zinf ::   zinf is a free audio player released under the gnu general public license . 
Northampton ::   northampton is the county town of northamptonshire in the east midlands of england . 
Brigadoon ::   brigadoon is a musical with a book and lyrics by alan jay lerner , and music by frederick loewe . 
Cemetery ::   a cemetery or graveyard is a place where the remains of dead people are buried or otherwise interred . 
Rationalism ::   in epistemology , rationalism is the view that " regards reason as the chief source and test of knowledge " or " any view appealing to reason as a source of knowledge or justification " . 
Akallabêth ::   akallabêth is the fourth part of " the silmarillion " , as edited by christopher tolkien ( 1977 ) . 
Valaquenta ::   valaquenta ( quenya for " tale of the valar " ) is the second section of " the silmarillion " , a collection of j. r. r. tolkien 's mythopoeic works , edited and published posthumously by his son christopher tolkien in 1977 . 
Ainulindalë ::   ainulindalë (; " " music of the ainur " " ) is the creation account in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium , published as the first part of the posthumously published " the silmarillion " ( 1977 ) . 
Dysentery ::   dysentery is a type of gastroenteritis that results in diarrhea with blood . 
Uncertainty ::   uncertainty has been called " an unintelligible expression without a straightforward description " . 
Sporangium ::   a sporangium ( pl . , sporangia ) ( modern latin , from greek " σπόρος ( sporos ) " ‘ spore’ + " αγγείον ( angeion ) " ‘ 
Morepork ::   the morepork ( " ninox novaeseelandiae " ) , also called the ruru or tasmanian spotted owl , is a small brown owl found throughout new zealand and tasmania . 
Troubadour ::   a troubadour ( , ; , ) was a composer and performer of old occitan lyric poetry during the high middle ages ( 1100–1350 ) . 
Bacteriocin ::   bacteriocins are proteinaceous or peptidic toxins produced by bacteria to inhibit the growth of similar or closely related bacterial strain(s ) . 
Meteoroid ::   a meteoroid ( ) is a small rocky or metallic body in outer space . 
Immunoperoxidase ::   immunoperoxidase is a type of immunostain used in molecular biology , medical research , and clinical diagnostics . 
Kitniyot ::   kitniyot ( , " qitniyyot " ) is a hebrew word meaning legumes . 
Judenrat ::   judenrat ( plural : judenräte ; german for " jewish council " ) was a widely used administrative agency imposed by nazi germany during world war ii , predominantly within the ghettos in nazi - occupied europe , and the jewish ghettos in german - occupied poland . 
Spicule ::   spicules are any of various small needle - like anatomical structures occurring in organisms spicule may also refer to : 
Benalla ::   benalla is a small city located on the broken river in the high country north - eastern region of victoria , australia , about north east of the state capital melbourne . 
Echuca ::   echuca ( ) is a town located on the banks of the murray river and campaspe river in victoria , australia . 
Diplura ::   the order diplura is one of the four groups of hexapods , alongside insects , springtails and protura . 
Traralgon ::   traralgon ( ) is a city located in the east of the latrobe valley in the gippsland region of victoria , australia . 
Protura ::   the protura , or proturans , and sometimes nicknamed coneheads , are very small ( < 2   mm long ) , soil - dwelling animals , so inconspicuous they were not noticed until the 20th century . 
Formaldehyde ::   formaldehyde is a naturally occurring organic compound with the formula cho ( h - cho ) . 
Tomsk ::   tomsk ( ) is a city and the administrative center of tomsk oblast in russia , located on the tom river . 
Generalitat ::   generalitat ( , , literally in english ' generality ' ) is the name of the systems of government of two of the present spanish autonomous communities : catalonia and valencia . 
Valencia ::   valencia (; ) , officially valència ( ) , on the east coast of spain , is the capital of the autonomous community of valencia and the third - largest city in spain after madrid and barcelona , with around 800,000 inhabitants in the administrative centre . 
Verilog ::   verilog , standardized as ieee 1364 , is a hardware description language ( hdl ) used to model electronic systems . 
DICOM ::   digital imaging and communications in medicine ( dicom ) is a standard for storing and transmitting medical images enabling the integration of medical imaging devices such as scanners , servers , workstations , printers , network hardware , and picture archiving and communication systems ( pacs ) from multiple manufacturers . 
Martorell ::   martorell ( ) is a municipality that forms part of the baix llobregat comarca , in catalonia , spain , primarily known for its medieval devil 's bridge . 
Acarnania ::   acarnania ( ) is a region of west - central greece that lies along the ionian sea , west of aetolia , with the achelous river for a boundary , and north of the gulf of calydon , which is the entrance to the gulf of corinth . 
Ayatollah ::   ayatollah ( or ; from " sign of allah " ) is a high - ranking title given to usuli twelver shī‘ah clerics . 
Match ::   a match is a tool for starting a fire . 
Bled ::   bled (; , in older sources also " feldes " ) is a town on lake bled in the upper carniolan region of northwestern slovenia . 
Mahican ::   the mahicans ( or mohicans ) are an eastern algonquian native american tribe related to the abutting delaware people , originally settled in the upper hudson river valley ( around albany , new york ) and western new england centered on pittsfield , massachusetts and lower present - day vermont . 
Glorfindel ::   glorfindel ( ) is a fictional character in j.r.r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
Warchalking ::   warchalking is the drawing of symbols in public places to advertise an open wi - fi network . 
Maserati ::   maserati ( ) is an italian luxury vehicle manufacturer established on 1 december 1914 , in bologna . 
Murmansk ::   murmansk (; ; ; ) is a port city and the administrative center of murmansk oblast , russia , located in the extreme northwest part of russia , on the kola bay , an inlet of the barents sea on the northern shore of the kola peninsula , close to russia 's borders with norway and finland . 
Wi-Fi ::   wi - fi or wifi ( ) is a technology for wireless local area networking with devices based on the ieee 802.11 standards . " 
Lillehammer ::   lillehammer ( ) is a town and municipality in oppland county , norway . 
Multiprocessing ::   multiprocessing is the use of two or more central processing units ( cpus ) within a single computer system . 
Celebrían ::   celebrían is a fictional character created by j. r. r. tolkien . 
Celeborn ::   celeborn ( pronounced with a hard " c " as in " cat " ; ) is a fictional character in j.r.r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
Lothlórien ::   in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium , lothlórien or lórien is the fairest realm of the elves remaining in middle - earth during the third age . 
Balrog ::   balrogs are fictional creatures who appear in j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
Durin ::   durin is the name of seven kings of dwarves in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
Henley-on-Thames ::   henley - on - thames is a historic market town and civil parish on the river thames in oxfordshire , england , northeast of reading , west of maidenhead and southeast of oxford . 
Caramel ::   caramel ( or ) is a medium to dark - brown confectionery product made by heating a variety of sugars . 
Verdana ::   verdana is a humanist sans - serif typeface designed by matthew carter for microsoft corporation , with hand - hinting done by thomas rickner , then at monotype . 
Sans-serif ::   in typography and lettering , a sans - serif , sans serif , gothic , or simply sans letterform is one that does not have extending features called " serifs " at the end of strokes . 
Serif ::   in typography , a serif ( ) is a small line attached to the end of a stroke in a letter or symbol . 
Typeface ::   in typography , a typeface ( also known as font family ) is a set of one or more fonts each composed of glyphs that share common design features . 
Acetonitrile ::   acetonitrile is the chemical compound with the formula . 
Franciscans ::   the franciscans are a group of related mendicant religious orders within the catholic church , founded in 1209 by francis of assisi . 
Bloodletting ::   bloodletting ( or blood - letting ) is the withdrawal of blood from a patient to cure or prevent illness and disease . 
Zaragoza ::   zaragoza ( , or , ) , also called saragossa ( ) in english , is the capital city of the zaragoza province and of the autonomous community of aragon , spain . 
Tagus ::   the tagus ( ; ; ; ancient greek : τάγος " tagos " ) is the longest river in the iberian peninsula . 
Shintaido ::   shintaido ( 新体道 , a japanese word translated as ‘ new body way’ ) is a system of movement which aims to use the body as a means of expression and communication . incorporating both physical and artistic elements , 
Biorhythm ::   a biorhythm ( from greek βίος - " bios " , " life " and ῥυθμός - " rhuthmos " , " any regular recurring motion , rhythm " ) is an attempt to predict various aspects of a person 's life through simple mathematical cycles . 
Powerlifting ::   powerlifting is a strength sport that consists of three attempts at maximal weight on three lifts : squat , bench press , and deadlift . 
Darkover ::   darkover is the focus planet of the darkover series of science fiction - fantasy novels and short stories by marion zimmer bradley and others published since 1958 . 
Llobregat ::   the llobregat ( ) is the second longest river in catalonia , spain . 
Concupiscence ::   concupiscence ( from late latin noun " concupiscentia " , from the latin verb " concupiscere " , from " con- " , " with " , here an intensifier , + " cupi(d)- " , " desiring " + " -escere " , a verb - forming suffix denoting beginning of a process or state ) is an ardent , usually sensual , longing . 
Portmeirion ::   portmeirion is a tourist village in gwynedd , north wales . 
Martinsville ::   martinsville is the name of several places : 
R'lyeh ::   r'lyeh is a fictional lost city that first appeared in the h. p. lovecraft short story " 
Cthulhu ::   cthulhu ( ; for variant pronunciations , see below ) is a cosmic entity created by writer h.   p. lovecraft and first introduced in the short story " 
Cadillac ::   cadillac , formally the cadillac motor car division , is a division of the u.s .- based general motors ( gm ) that markets luxury vehicles worldwide . 
Yabasic ::   yabasic ( yet another basic ) is a free and open source basic interpreter for windows and unix platforms . 
PowerBASIC ::   powerbasic , formerly turbo basic , is the brand of several commercial compilers by powerbasic inc. that compile a dialect of the basic programming language . 
Sheridan ::   sheridan commonly refers to : sheridan may also refer to : 
Goodfellas ::   goodfellas ( stylized as goodfellas ) is a 1990 american crime film directed by martin scorsese . 
Concatenation ::   in formal language theory and computer programming , string concatenation is the operation of joining character strings end - to - end . 
Hilt ::   the hilt ( rarely called the haft ) of a sword is its handle , consisting of a guard , grip and pommel . 
Percentage ::   in mathematics , a percentage is a number or ratio expressed as a fraction of 100 . 
Tamale ::   a tamale ( , ) is a traditional mesoamerican dish made of masa or dough ( starchy , and usually corn - based ) , which is steamed in a corn husk or banana leaf . 
Arrondissement ::   an arrondissement (; ) is any of various administrative divisions of france , belgium , haiti , certain other francophone countries , and the netherlands . 
Catacombs ::   catacombs are human - made subterranean passageways for religious practice . 
AIESEC ::   aiesec is the world 's largest non - profit youth - run organization . 
Duchy ::   a duchy is a country , territory , fief , or domain ruled by a duke or duchess . 
Zilog ::   zilog , inc. , previously known as zilog , is an american manufacturer of 8-bit and 16-bit microcontrollers . 
Hávamál ::   hávamál ( ; " sayings of the high one " ; , ) is presented as a single poem in the codex regius , a collection of old norse poems from the viking age . 
Toronto ::   toronto ( , ) is the capital of the canadian province of ontario . 
Sultan ::   sultan (; ' , ) is a noble title with several historical meanings . 
Shah ::   shah (; , pronounced , " king " ) is a title given to the emperors , kings , princes and lords of iran ( historically also known as persia ) . 
Gironde ::   gironde (; in occitan " gironda " ) is a department in the nouvelle - aquitaine region of southwest france . 
Hue ::   hue is one of the main properties ( called color appearance parameters ) of a color , defined technically ( in the ciecam02 model ) , as " the degree to which a stimulus can be described as similar to or different from stimuli that are described as red , green , blue , and yellow " , ( which in certain theories of colour vision are called unique hues ) . 
Logogram ::   in written language , a logogram or logograph is a written character that represents a word or phrase . 
Graeae ::   in greek mythology the graeae (; english translation : " old women " , " grey ones " , or " grey witches " ; alternatively spelled graiai ( γραῖαι ) and graiae ) , also called the grey sisters , and the phorcides ( " daughters of phorcys " ) , were three sisters who shared one eye and one tooth among them . 
Babadag ::   babadag (; ,   " father mountain " ) , formerly known as babatag , is a town in tulcea county , romania , located on a small lake formed by the taița river , in the densely wooded highlands of northern dobruja . 
Boyar ::   a boyar was a member of the highest rank of the feudal bulgarian , kievan , moscovian , wallachian and moldavian and later , romanian aristocracies , second only to the ruling princes ( in bulgaria , tsars ) , from the 10th century to the 17th century . 
Abelian ::   in mathematics , abelian refers to any of a number of different mathematical concepts named after niels henrik abel : 
Newport ::   newport most commonly refers to newport or new port may also refer to : 
Noricum ::   noricum is the latin name for a celtic kingdom , or federation of tribes , that included most of modern austria and part of slovenia . 
Peoria ::   peoria can refer to : 
Ceiba ::   ceiba is a genus of trees in the malvaceace family , native to tropical and subtropical areas of the americas ( from mexico and the caribbean to n argentina ) and tropical west africa . 
Hydrophone ::   a hydrophone ( ancient greek ὕδωρ = water and φωνή = sound ) is a microphone designed to be used underwater for recording or listening to underwater sound . 
Snowball ::   a snowball is a spherical object made from snow , usually created by scooping snow with the hands , and compacting it into a roughly fist - sized ball . 
Haaretz ::   haaretz ( ) ( lit . " 
Chinde ::   chinde is a town of mozambique , and a port for the zambezi valley . 
Murphy ::   murphy is an irish surname . 
Danelaw ::   the danelaw ( , also known as the danelagh ; old english : " dena lagunema " ; ) , as recorded in the " anglo - saxon chronicle " , is a historical name given to the part of england in which the laws of the danes held sway and dominated those of the anglo - saxons . 
Berkshire ::   berkshire ( or , abbreviated berks , in the 17th century sometimes spelled barkeshire as it is pronounced ) is a county in south east england , west of london and is one of the home counties . 
Poverty ::   poverty is the scarcity or the lack of a certain ( variant ) amount of material possessions or money . 
Angiogenesis ::   angiogenesis is the physiological process through which new blood vessels form from pre - existing vessels . 
Barn-owl ::   barn owls ( family tytonidae ) are one of the two families of owls , the other being the true owls or typical owls , strigidae . 
Boggart ::   boggart is one of numerous related terms used in english folklore for either a household spirit or a malevolent " genius loci " inhabiting fields , marshes or other topographical features . 
Kaiju ::   kaiju originally referred to the monsters from ancient japanese legends before the arrival of writing . 
Gamera ::   gamera ( ガメラ ) is a fictional giant monster or kaiju originating from a series of japanese tokusatsu films of the same name . 
Shub-Niggurath ::   shub - niggurath , often associated with the phrase “ 
Damselfly ::   damselflies are insects of the suborder zygoptera in the order odonata . 
Oz ::   oz . is a common abbreviation for the ounce . 
Tire ::   a tire ( american english ) or tyre ( british english ; see spelling differences ) is a ring - shaped component that surrounds a wheel 's rim to transfer a vehicle 's load from the axle through the wheel to the ground and to provide traction on the surface traveled over . 
Muskeg ::   muskeg (; , lit . " moss bog " ) is an acidic soil type common in arctic and boreal areas , although it is found in other northern climates as well . 
Monster ::   a monster is any creature , usually found in legends or horror fiction , that is often hideous and may produce fear or physical harm by its appearance or its actions . 
Triticale ::   triticale ( × " triticosecale " ) , is a hybrid of wheat ( triticum " ) and rye ( " secale ) first bred in laboratories during the late 19th century in scotland and germany . 
Pika ::   a pika ( ; archaically spelled pica ) is a small mammal , with short limbs , very round body , rounded ears , and no external tail . 
Guangdong ::   guangdong ( ) is a province in south china , located on the south china sea coast . 
Poplog ::   poplog is a reflective , incrementally compiled software development environment for the programming languages pop-11 , common lisp , prolog , and standard ml , originally created in the uk for teaching and research in artificial intelligence at the university of sussex . 
Laozi ::   laozi ( also lao - tzu or lao - tze , , literally " old master " ) was an ancient chinese philosopher and writer . 
PAP ::   pap or pap can refer to : 
Elysium ::   elysium or the elysian fields ( , " ēlýsion pedíon " ) is a conception of the afterlife that developed over time and was maintained by some greek religious and philosophical sects and cults . 
Monza ::   monza (; ) is a city and " comune " on the river lambro , a tributary of the po in the lombardy region of italy , about north - northeast of milan . 
Tahiti ::   tahiti (; ; previously also known as otaheite ( obsolete ) is the largest island in the windward group of french polynesia . 
Deobandi ::   deobandi ( pashto and , , , ) is a revivalist movement within sunni ( primarily hanafi ) islam . 
Hobo ::   a hobo is a migrant worker or homeless vagabond , especially one who is impoverished . 
Nyarlathotep ::   nyarlathotep is a character in the works of h. p. lovecraft and other writers . 
QNX ::   qnx ( or ) is a commercial unix - like real - time operating system , aimed primarily at the embedded systems market . 
Sichuan ::   sichuan , formerly romanized as szechuan , is a province in southwest china occupying most of the sichuan basin and the easternmost part of the tibetan plateau between the jinsha river on the west , the daba mountains in the north , and the yungui plateau to the south . 
Kickflip ::   the kickflip is a maneuver in skateboarding in which a rider flips their skateboard 360° along the axis that extends from the nose to the tail of the deck . 
Heelflip ::   the heelflip ( a.k.a . heel or heelie ) , is an aerial skateboarding trick where the skateboarder kicks out in front of him / her flipping board 360 degrees along the board 's long axis . 
Ollie ::   ollie is a given name and a nickname , often as a shortened form of oliver . 
Curaçao ::   curaçao ( or ; , ; ) is a lesser antilles island country in the southern caribbean sea and the dutch caribbean region , about north of the venezuelan coast . 
Hapkido ::   hapkido ( , , also spelled hap ki do or hapki - do ; from korean " hapgido " ) is a highly eclectic korean martial art . 
Nagorno-Karabakh ::   nagorno - karabakh is a landlocked region in the south caucasus , lying between lower karabakh and zangezur and covering the southeastern range of the lesser caucasus mountains . 
Saving ::   saving is income not spent , or deferred consumption . 
Manwë ::   manwë is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
Ulmo ::   ulmo ( from the valarin ulubôz , ullubôz via ulumō ) is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
Aulë ::   aulë is a fictional character from j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium , who is primarily discussed in " the silmarillion " , but appears also in tolkien 's other works . 
Ossë ::   ossë (; from the valarin ošošai , oššai ) is a fictional character in the works of j. r. r. tolkien . 
Varda ::   varda elentári is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
Nienna ::   nienna is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
Yavanna ::   yavanna is a fictional character from j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium , written about in the silmarillion . 
Valinor ::   valinor ( " land of the valar " ) is a fictional location in j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium , the realm of the valar in aman . 
Calaquendi ::   in the fictional universe of j. r. r. tolkien , calaquendi means in quenya " light - folk " , but was often translated " elves of the light " . 
Finwë ::   finwë ( ) ( y.t. ≥1050–y.t. 1495 ; died aged c.4293 ) , sometimes surnamed noldóran , is a fictional character from j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium . 
Fëanor ::   fëanor ( ) is a fictional character from j. r. r. tolkien 's legendarium who plays an important part in " the silmarillion " . 
Sindar ::   in the works of j. r. r. tolkien , the fictional sindar ( meaning " grey people " , singular " sinda " , 
Neverwhere ::   neverwhere is an urban fantasy television series by neil gaiman that first aired in 1996 on bbc two . 
Arawak ::   the arawak are a group of indigenous peoples of south america and of the caribbean . 
Leat ::   a leat ( also lete or leet , or millstream ) is the name , common in the south and west of england and in wales ( lade in scotland ) , for an artificial watercourse or aqueduct dug into the ground , especially one supplying water to a watermill or its mill pond . 
FYI ::   fyi is a common abbreviation of " for your information " . " 
Gunnies ::   a gunnies , gunnis , or gunniss is the space left in a mine after the extraction by stoping of a vertical or near vertical ore - bearing lode . 
Newquay ::   newquay ( , ) is a town , civil parish , seaside resort and fishing port in cornwall , england , uk . 
Gloucester ::   gloucester ( ) is a city and district in southwest england , the county city of gloucestershire . 
Warta ::   the warta ( polish pronunciation : [ ˈvaɾta ] ; ) is a river in western - central poland , a tributary of the oder river ( ) . 
Brake ::   a brake is a mechanical device that inhibits motion by absorbing energy from a moving system . 
Hydraulics ::   hydraulics ( from greek : υδραυλική ) is a technology and applied science using engineering , chemistry , and other sciences involving the mechanical properties and use of liquids . 
Plainsong ::   plainsong ( also plainchant ; ) is a body of chants used in the liturgies of the western church . 
Patagonia ::   patagonia ( ) is a sparsely populated region located at the southern end of south america , shared by argentina and chile . 
Galangal ::   galangal is a common name for several tropical rhizomatous spices . 
Randomization ::   randomization is the process of making something random ; in various contexts this involves , for example : randomization is " not " haphazard . 
Tigger ::   tigger is a fictional tiger character originally introduced in a. a. milne 's book " the house at pooh corner . " 
WABC-TV ::   wabc - tv , channel 7 , is the flagship station of the abc television network , located in new york city . 
SOKO ::   soko ( cyrillic : соко ) was an yugoslav aircraft manufacturer based in mostar , sr bosnia and herzegovina . 
Diapering ::   diaper is any of a wide range of decorative patterns used in a variety of works of art , such as stained glass , heraldic shields , architecture , and silverwork . 
Antiseptic ::   antiseptics ( from greek ἀντί " anti " , " against " and σηπτικός " sēptikos " , " putrefactive " ) are antimicrobial substances that are applied to living tissue / skin to reduce the possibility of infection , sepsis , or putrefaction . 
Borate ::   borates are the name for a large number of boron - containing oxyanions . 
Borax ::   borax , also known as sodium borate , sodium tetraborate , or disodium tetraborate , is an important boron compound , a mineral , and a salt of boric acid . 
Ruler ::   a ruler , sometimes called a rule or line gauge , is a straightedge with equally spaced markings along its length . 
Polruan ::   polruan ( ) is a small fishing village in the parish of lanteglos - by - fowey in cornwall , england , united kingdom . 
Tintagel ::   tintagel or trevena ( meaning " village on a mountain " ) is a civil parish and village situated on the atlantic coast of cornwall , england , united kingdom . 
Creatinine ::   creatinine ( or ; from ) is a breakdown product of creatine phosphate in muscle , and is usually produced at a fairly constant rate by the body ( depending on muscle mass ) . 
Völuspá ::   völuspá ( old norse vǫluspá or vǫluspǫ́ , " prophecy of the völva ( seeress ) " ; reconstructed old norse , modern icelandic ) is the first and best known poem of the poetic edda . 
Chirp ::   a chirp is a signal in which the frequency increases ( " up - chirp " ) or decreases ( " down - chirp " ) with time . 
Metrology ::   metrology , as defined by the international bureau of weights and measures ( bipm ) , is " the science of measurement , embracing both experimental and theoretical determinations at any level of uncertainty in any field of science and technology " . 
Kangasala ::   kangasala is a municipality in finland , next to tampere . 
Recife ::   recife ( ) is the fourth - largest urban agglomeration in brazil with 3,995,949 inhabitants , the largest urban agglomeration of the north / northeast regions , and the capital and largest city of the state of pernambuco in the northeast corner of south america . 
Polytonality ::   polytonality ( also polyharmony ) is the musical use of more than one key simultaneously . 
Mini ::   the mini is a small economy car produced by the english based british motor corporation ( bmc ) and its successors from 1959 until 2000 . 
Aerobatics ::   aerobatics ( a portmanteau of " aerial - acrobatics " ) is the practice of flying maneuvers involving aircraft attitudes that are not used in normal flight . 
Düsseldorf ::   düsseldorf ( , low franconian , ripuarian : " düsseldörp " ) is the capital city of the german state of north rhine - westphalia and the seventh most populous city in germany . 
Vibrato ::   vibrato ( italian , from past participle of " vibrare " , to vibrate ) is a musical effect consisting of a regular , pulsating change of pitch . 
Arkham ::   arkham ( ) is a fictional town situated in massachusetts . 
Korybantes ::   according to the greek mythology , the korybantes (; ) were the armed and crested dancers who worshipped the phrygian goddess cybele with drumming and dancing . 
Solanum ::   solanum is a large and diverse genus of flowering plants , which include two food crops of high economic importance , the potato and the tomato . 
Bushido ::   ￼ the " way " originates from the " samurai " moral values , most commonly stressing some combination of sincerity , frugality , loyalty , martial arts mastery , and honour until death . 
Aratrum ::   aratrum is the latin word for ard , and " arotron " ( ἄροτρον ) is the greek word . 
Freetekno ::   freetekno is the name of a cultural movement that is present in europe , australia and north america . 
Praetor ::   praetor ( , also spelled prætor ) was a title granted by the government of ancient rome to men acting in one of two official capacities : the commander of an army ( in the field or , less often , before the army had been mustered ) ; or , an elected " magistratus " ( magistrate ) , assigned various duties ( which varied at different periods in rome 's history ) . 
Yeti ::   in the folklore of nepal , the yeti ( ) or abominable snowman ( nepali : हिममानव " himamānav " , lit . " snow man " ) is an ape - like entity , taller than an average human , that is said to inhabit the himalayan region of nepal , bhutan , and tibet . 
Teichoscopy ::   teichoscopy or teichoscopia , meaning " viewing from the walls , " is a recurring narrative strategy in ancient greek literature . 
Tremolo ::   in music , tremolo ( ) , or tremolando ( ) , is a trembling effect . 
Anti-Arabism ::   anti - arabism , anti - arab sentiment or arabophobia is opposition to , or dislike , fear , hatred , and advocacy of genocide of arab people . 
Admiral ::   admiral is one of the highest naval ranks in some navies , and in many navies is the highest rank . 
Pastiche ::   a pastiche is a work of visual art , literature , theatre , or music that imitates the style or character of the work of one or more other artists . 
Silicone ::   silicones , also known as polysiloxanes , are polymers that include any inert , synthetic compound made up of repeating units of siloxane , which is a chain of alternating silicon atoms and oxygen atoms , frequently combined with carbon and/or hydrogen . 
Hypothyroidism ::   hypothyroidism , also called underactive thyroid or low thyroid , is a common disorder of the endocrine system in which the thyroid gland does not produce enough thyroid hormone . 
Vitiligo ::   vitiligo is a long term skin condition characterized by patches of the skin losing their pigment . 
Angina ::   angina , also known as angina pectoris , is chest pain or pressure , usually due to not enough blood flow to the heart muscle . 
Microphone ::   a microphone , colloquially nicknamed mic or mike ( ) , is a transducer that converts sound into an electrical signal . 
Weber ::   weber ( , or ; german : ) is a surname of german origin , derived from the noun meaning " weaver " . 
Kinematics ::   kinematics is a branch of classical mechanics that describes the motion of points , bodies ( objects ) , and systems of bodies ( groups of objects ) without considering the mass of each or the forces that caused the motion . 
Photoplotter ::   a photoplotter is an electro - mechanical - optical machine that exposes a latent image on a media , usually high - contrast monochromatic ( black - and - white ) photographic film , using a light source under computer control . 
Tael ::   tael (; ) or tahil can refer to any one of several weight measures of the far east . 
Plankalkül ::   plankalkül ( , " plan calculus " ) is a programming language designed for engineering purposes by konrad zuse between 1942 and 1945 . 
Disulfide ::   in chemistry , a disulfide refers to a functional group with the structure r– 
Antigonae ::   antigonae ( " antigone " ) , written by carl orff , was first presented on 9 august 1949 under the direction of ferenc fricsay in the felsenreitschule , salzburg , austria , as part of the salzburg festival . 
Denim ::   denim is a sturdy cotton warp - faced textile in which the weft passes under two or more warp threads . 
Rigoletto ::   rigoletto ( ) is an opera in three acts by giuseppe verdi . 
Pétanque ::   pétanque (; ) is a form of boules where the goal is to toss or roll hollow steel balls as close as possible to a small wooden ball called a " cochonnet " ( literally " piglet " ) or jack , while standing inside a circle with both feet on the ground . 
Boules ::   boules ( ) is a collective name for a wide range of games in which the objective is to throw or roll heavy balls ( called " boules " in france , and " bocce " in italy ) as close as possible to a small target ball . 
Jaundice ::   jaundice , also known as icterus , is a yellowish or greenish pigmentation of the skin and whites of the eyes due to high bilirubin levels . 
Ukko ::   ukko , or äijä or äijö ( finnish : " male grandparent " , " grandfather " , " old man " ) , parallel in estonian mythology to uku , is the god of the sky , weather , harvest and thunder in finnish mythology . 
Breakbeat ::   breakbeat is a broad style of electronic or dance - oriented music which utilizes breaks , often sampled from earlier recordings in funk , jazz , and r&b , for the main rhythm . 
Farscape ::   farscape is an australian - american science fiction television series , produced originally for the nine network . 
Shopping ::   a " retailer " or a " shop " is a business that presents a selection of goods and offers to trade or sell them to customers for money or other goods . 
DR-DOS ::   dr - dos ( dr   dos , without hyphen up to and including version 6.0 ) is an operating system of the dos family , written for ibm pc - compatible personal computers . 
Tate ::   tate is an institution that houses the united kingdom 's national collection of british art , and international modern and contemporary art . 
Alfalfa ::   alfalfa , medicago sativa also called lucerne , is a perennial flowering plant in the pea family fabaceae cultivated as an important forage crop in many countries around the world . 
Eilat ::   eilat (; ; or , also ) is israel 's southernmost city , a busy port and popular resort at the northern tip of the red sea , on the gulf of aqaba . 
Realpolitik ::   realpolitik ( from " realistic " , " practical " , or " actual " ; and " " " politics " , ) is politics or diplomacy based primarily on considerations of given circumstances and factors , rather than explicit ideological notions or moral and ethical premises . 
Bastille ::   the bastille ( ) was a fortress in paris , known formally as the bastille saint - antoine . 
Copyhold ::   copyhold tenure was a form of customary tenure of land common in england from the middle ages . 
Rapture ::   in christian eschatology the rapture refers to a purported end time event when all christian believers — living and resurrected dead — will rise into the sky and join christ for eternity . 
Daimler-Benz ::   daimler - benz ag ( ) was a german manufacturer of motor vehicles and internal combustion engines , which was founded in 1926 . 
Anagrams ::   anagrams ( also known as pirate scrabble , anagram , snatch , word making and taking and grabscrab ) is a tile - based word game that involves rearranging letter tiles to form words . 
Fredrikstad ::   fredrikstad (; previously " frederiksstad " ; literally " fredrik 's town " ) is a city and municipality in østfold county , norway . 
Peshawar ::   peshawar ( , , ) is the capital of the pakistani province of khyber pakhtunkhwa . 
DSC ::   dsc is an initialism or abbreviation used in many fields : 
Drinking ::   drinking is the act of ingesting water or other liquids into the body through the mouth . 
Bzip2 ::   bzip2 is a free and open - source file compression program that uses the burrows – wheeler algorithm . 
Almdudler ::   the original almdudler is a sweetened carbonated beverage made of herbal extracts . 
Hexose ::   in bio - organic chemistry , a hexose is a monosaccharide with six carbon atoms , having the chemical formula cho . 
Chloride ::   the chloride ion is the anion ( negatively charged ion ) cl . 
Coati ::   the coati , genera " nasua " and " nasuella " , also known as the coati - mundi or coatimundi , " hog - nosed coon " , mexican " tejón , " " cholugo , " or " moncún " , guatemalan and costa rican " pizote " , colombian " cusumbo " , and other names , is a member of the raccoon family ( procyonidae ) , a diurnal mammal native to south america , central america , and south - western north america . 
Yoni ::   yoni (; sanskrit : " womb " , " uterus " , " vagina " , " vulva " , " abode " , or " source " ) is a stylised representation of female genitalia representing the goddess shakti in hinduism . 
Redox ::   redox ( short for reduction – oxidation reaction ) ( pronunciation : or ) is a chemical reaction in which the oxidation states of atoms are changed . 
Burette ::   a burette ( also buret ) is a laboratory equipment used in analytical chemistry for the dispensing of variable amount of a chemical solution and measuring that amount at the same time . 
Brașov ::   brașov ( , latin " corona " , german " kronstadt " , hungarian " brassó " ) is a city in romania and the administrative centre of brașov county . 
Holography ::   holography is the science and practice of making holograms . 
Kitten ::   a kitten , also known as a kitty or kitty cat , is a juvenile cat . 
Taiwanization ::   taiwanization ( ) , also known as the taiwanese localization movement , is a conceptual term used in taiwan to emphasize the importance of a taiwanese culture , society , economy , nationality , and identity rather than to regard taiwan as solely an appendage of china . 
TOPS-20 ::   the tops-20 operating system by digital equipment corporation ( dec ) was a proprietary os used on some of dec 's 36-bit mainframe computers . 
Bronchodilator ::   a bronchodilator is a substance that dilates the bronchi and bronchioles , decreasing resistance in the respiratory airway and increasing airflow to the lungs . 
Sarin ::   sarin , or nato designation gb ( g - series , ' b ' ) , is a highly toxic synthetic organophosphorus compound . 
Stimulant ::   stimulants ( also referred to as psychostimulants ) is an overarching term that covers many drugs including those that increase activity of the body , drugs that are pleasurable and invigorating , or drugs that have sympathomimetic effects . 
Baden-Württemberg ::   baden - württemberg (; ) is a state in germany located in the southwest , east of the upper rhine that forms the border with france . 
MOVE ::   move is a philadelphia - based black liberation group founded by john africa ( born vincent leaphart ) in 1972 . 
Stormbringer ::   stormbringer is a magic sword featured in a number of fantasy stories by the author michael moorcock . 
Progesterone ::   progesterone ( p4 ) is an endogenous steroid and progestogen sex hormone involved in the menstrual cycle , pregnancy , and embryogenesis of humans and other species . 
Kleptocracy ::   kleptocracy ( from ancient greek κλέπτης ( kléptēs , “ thief ” ) , κλέπτω ( kléptō , “ 
Kooikerhondje ::   the kooikerhondje ( literal english translation " little cager dog " or " little caging dog " ) is a small spaniel - type breed of dog of dutch ancestry that was originally used as a working dog , particularly in an " eendenkooi " ( duck cage ) to lure ducks . 
Cthugha ::   cthugha is a fictional deity in the cthulhu mythos genre of horror fiction , the creation of august derleth . 
AstroTurf ::   astroturf is a brand of artificial turf playing surface . 
Gla'aki ::   glaaki ( often written as gla'aki ) is a fictional character in the cthulhu mythos . 
Mi-go ::   mi - go are a fictional race of extraterrestrials created by h. p. lovecraft and used by others in the cthulhu mythos setting . 
Hippogriff ::   the hippogriff , or sometimes hippogryph , is a legendary creature which has the front half of an eagle and the hind half of a horse . 
Secrecy ::   secrecy ( also called clandestinity or furtiveness ) is the practice of hiding information from certain individuals or groups who do not have the " need to know " , perhaps while sharing it with other individuals . 
Fern ::   a fern is a member of a group of vascular plants that reproduce via spores and have neither seeds nor flowers . 
Yekaterinburg ::   yekaterinburg ( ) , alternatively romanized " ekaterinburg " , is the fourth - largest city in russia and the administrative center of sverdlovsk oblast , located on the iset river east of the ural mountains , in the middle of the eurasian continent , on the border of europe and asia . 
Prairie ::   prairies are ecosystems considered part of the temperate grasslands , savannas , and shrublands biome by ecologists , based on similar temperate climates , moderate rainfall , and a composition of grasses , herbs , and shrubs , rather than trees , as the dominant vegetation type . 
Broccoli ::   broccoli is an edible green plant in the cabbage family whose large flowering head is eaten as a vegetable . 
Bracken ::   bracken ( " pteridium " ) is a genus of large , coarse ferns in the family dennstaedtiaceae . 
KM ::   km , km , or km may stand for : 
ENIAC ::   eniac ( or ; electronic numerical integrator and computer ) was amongst the earliest electronic general - purpose computers made . 
Nutrient ::   a nutrient is a component in foods that an organism uses to survive and grow . 
Tropics ::   the tropics are a region of the earth surrounding the equator . 
Northamptonshire ::   northamptonshire ( or ; abbreviated northants . ) , archaically known as the county of northampton , is a county in the east midlands of england . 
Vine ::   a vine ( latin " vīnea " " grapevine " , " vineyard " , from " vīnum " " wine " ) in the narrowest sense is the grapevine ( " vitis " ) , and more generally , any plant with a growth habit of trailing or ( that is , climbing ) stems , lianas or runners . 
Moth ::   moths comprise a group of insects related to butterflies , belonging to the order lepidoptera . 
Fraxinus ::   fraxinus , english name ash , is a genus of flowering plants in the olive and lilac family , oleaceae . 
Evergreen ::   in botany , an evergreen is a plant that has leaves throughout the year , always green . 
Deciduous ::   in the fields of horticulture and paper , the term deciduous means " falling off at maturity " and " tending to fall off " in reference to trees and shrubs that seasonally shed leaves , usually in autumn ; to the shedding of petals , after flowering ; and to the shedding of ripe fruit . 
Trail ::   a trail is usually a path , track or unpaved lane or road . 
Snorkeling ::   snorkeling ( british and commonwealth english spelling : snorkelling ) is the practice of swimming on or through a body of water while equipped with a diving mask , a shaped breathing tube called a snorkel , and usually swimfins . 
Tetrahymena ::   tetrahymena is a genus of free - living ciliates that can also switch from commensalistic to pathogenic modes of survival . 
Fibroblast ::   a fibroblast is a type of cell that synthesizes the extracellular matrix and collagen , the structural framework ( stroma ) for animal tissues , and plays a critical role in wound healing . 
Amposta ::   amposta is the capital of the " comarca " of montsià , in the province of tarragona , catalonia , spain , one hundred km south of barcelona on the mediterranean coast . 
Tortosa ::   tortosa ( , ; ) is the capital of the " comarca " of baix ebre , in catalonia , spain . 
Flix ::   flix ( , ) is a town in the " comarca " of ribera d'ebre , catalonia , spain . 
Ehecatl ::   ehecatl ( , ) is a pre - columbian deity associated with the wind , who features in aztec mythology and the mythologies of other cultures from the central mexico region of mesoamerica . 
Demodulation ::   demodulation is extracting the original information - bearing signal from a carrier wave . 
Queer ::   queer is an umbrella term for sexual and gender minorities who are not heterosexual and/or not cisgender . 
LGBT ::   lgbt , or glbt , is an initialism that stands for lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender . 
Cisgender ::   cisgender ( often abbreviated to simply cis ) is a term for people whose gender identity matches the sex that they were assigned at birth . " cisgender " may also be defined as those who have " a gender identity or perform a gender role society considers appropriate for one 's sex " . 
Liseberg ::   liseberg is an amusement park located in gothenburg , sweden , that opened in 1923 . 
Renminbi ::   the renminbi ( ab . : rmb ; ; sign : 元 ; code : cny ) is the official currency of the people 's republic of china . 
Typha ::   typha is a genus of about 30 species of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the family typhaceae . 
Lycopodiopsida ::   lycopodiopsida is a class of herbaceous vascular plants known as the clubmosses and firmosses . 
Epidemic ::   an epidemic ( from greek ἐπί " epi " " upon or above " and δῆμος " demos " " people " ) is the rapid spread of infectious disease to a large number of people in a given population within a short period of time , usually two weeks or less . 
IJssel ::   the river ijssel ( ) , sometimes called gelderse ijssel ( " gueldern ijssel " ) to avoid confusion with the hollandse ijssel , is the branch of the rhine in the dutch provinces of gelderland and overijssel . 
Reforestation ::   reforestation is the natural or intentional restocking of existing forests and woodlands ( forestation ) that have been depleted , usually through deforestation . 
Woodland ::   woodland is a low - density forest forming open habitats with plenty of sunlight and limited shade . 
Epidemiology ::   epidemiology is the study and analysis of the patterns , causes , and effects of health and disease conditions in defined populations . 
Edain ::   in the fiction of j. r. r. tolkien , the edain were men ( humans ) who made their way into beleriand in the first age , and were friendly to the elves . the sindarin word " edain " ( the second syllable is pronounced as english " dine " rather than english " dane " ; the stress falls on the first syllable ) , singular " adan " ( quenya atani , " atan " ) literally meant " second people " , and originally referred to all men , but later it only applied to the men of beleriand and their descendants . 
Beleriand ::   in j. r. r. tolkien 's fictional legendarium , beleriand was a region in northwestern middle - earth during the first age . 
MRTA ::   mrta may refer for : 
Umbrella ::   an umbrella or parasol is a folding canopy supported by wooden or metal ribs , which is usually mounted on a wooden , metal , or plastic pole . 
Weatherization ::   weatherization ( american english ) or weatherproofing ( british english ) is the practice of protecting a building and its interior from the elements , particularly from sunlight , precipitation , and wind , and of modifying a building to reduce energy consumption and optimize energy efficiency . 
Selaginella ::   selaginella is the sole genus of primitive vascular plants in the family selaginellaceae , the spikemosses or lesser clubmosses . 
Tutsi ::   the tutsi (; ) , or abatutsi , are an ethnic group inhabiting the african great lakes region . 
Pastry ::   pastry is a dough of flour , water and shortening that may be savoury or sweetened . 
Isoetes ::   isoetes , commonly known as the quillworts , is a genus of plants in the class isoetopsida and order isoetales . 
Equisetum ::   equisetum (; horsetail , snake grass , puzzlegrass ) is the only living genus in equisetaceae , a family of vascular plants that reproduce by spores rather than seeds . 
Lamington ::   a lamington is an australian cake , made from squares of sponge cake coated in an outer layer of chocolate ( or sometimes raspberry ) sauce and rolled in desiccated coconut . 
Transphobia ::   transphobia is a range of negative attitudes , feelings or actions toward transgender or transsexual people , or toward transsexuality . 
Magnoliopsida ::   magnoliopsida is a valid botanical name for a class of flowering plants . 
Liliopsida ::   liliopsida ( synonym : liliatae ) is a botanical name for the class containing the family liliaceae ( or lily family ) . 
Tatarstan ::   the republic of tatarstan (; ) , or simply tatarstan , is a federal subject ( a republic ) of the russian federation , located in the volga federal district . 
Opus ::   opus is a latin word meaning " work . " 
Socionics ::   socionics , in psychology and sociology , is a theory of information processing and personality type , distinguished by its information model of the psyche ( called " model a " ) and a model of interpersonal relations . 
Tzatziki ::   tzatziki ( , , ; , " tzatzíki " or ; ; , " dzadziki " ) is a sauce served with grilled meats or as a dip . 
Placenta ::   the " ' placenta " is an organ that connects the developing fetus to the uterine wall to allow nutrient uptake , thermo - regulation , waste elimination , and gas exchange via the mother 's blood supply ; to fight against internal infection ; and to produce hormones which support pregnancy . 
Chymosin ::   chymosin or rennin is a protease found in rennet . 
Beta-galactosidase ::   β-galactosidase , also called lactase , beta - gal or β-gal , is a glycoside hydrolase enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of β-galactosides into monosaccharides through the breaking of a glycosidic bond . 
Placentalia ::   placentalia ( " placentals " ) is one of the three extant subdivisions of the class of animals mammalia ; the other two are monotremata and marsupialia . 
Testicle ::   the testicle or testis is the male reproductive gland in all animals , including humans . 
Desegregation ::   desegregation is the process of ending the separation of two groups usually referring to races . 
Ophioglossum ::   ophioglossum , the adder's - tongue ferns , is a genus of about 25–30 species of ferns in the family ophioglossaceae , of the order ophioglossales . 
Helios ::   helios (; " hēlios " ; latinized as " helius " ; in homeric greek ) was the personification of the sun in greek mythology . 
Seconds ::   the giveaways seconds are the base units of time in the international system of units ( si ) . 
Hasbro ::   hasbro , inc. (; an abbreviation of its original name , hassenfeld brothers ) is an american multinational toy and board game company . 
Birch ::   a birch is a thin - leaved deciduous hardwood tree of the genus betula ( ) , in the family betulaceae , which also includes alders , hazels , and hornbeams . 
Mbox ::   mbox is a generic term for a family of related file formats used for holding collections of email messages , first implemented for fifth edition unix . 
Synonym ::   a synonym is a word or phrase that means exactly or nearly the same as another word or phrase in the same language . 
Ulaanbaatar ::   ulaanbaatar , formerly anglicised as ulan bator ( , , " ulaγanbaγatur " , literally " red hero " ) , is mongolia 's capital and largest city . 
Grapefruit ::   the grapefruit ( " citrus " × " paradisi " ) is a subtropical citrus tree known for its sour to semi - sweet , somewhat bitter fruit . 
Maamme ::   " maamme " ( , " our land ” ) or " vårt land " ( ) is the title of finland 's national anthem . 
Nymphaeaceae ::   nymphaeaceae is a family of flowering plants , commonly called water lilies . 
Pseudoephedrine ::   pseudoephedrine ( or ; pse ) is a sympathomimetic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes . 
Nantes ::   nantes ( ) ( gallo : " naunnt " or " nantt " ( or ) ; ( ) ) is a city in western france on the loire river , from the atlantic coast . 
Actinidiaceae ::   the actinidiaceae are a small family of flowering plants commonly known as the chinese gooseberry family . 
Actinidia ::   actinidia is a genus of woody and , with a few exceptions , dioecious plants native to temperate eastern asia , occurring throughout most of china , taiwan , korea , and japan , and extending north to southeast siberia and south into indochina . 
Viaticum ::   viaticum is a term used especially in the catholic church for the eucharist ( also called holy communion ) administered , with or without anointing of the sick ( also called extreme unction ) , to a person who is dying , and is thus a part of the last rites . 
Unbinilium ::   unbinilium , also known as eka - radium or simply element 120 , is the hypothetical chemical element in the periodic table with symbol ubn and atomic number 120 
Ununennium ::   ununennium , also known as eka - francium or simply element 119 , is the hypothetical chemical element with symbol uue and atomic number 119 
Festival ::   a festival is an event ordinarily celebrated by a community and centering on some characteristic aspect of that community and its religion or traditions . 
Werwolf ::   werwolf ( , german for " werewolf " ) was a nazi plan , which began development in 1944 , to create a resistance force which would operate behind enemy lines as the allies advanced through germany . 
Moscovium ::   moscovium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol mc and atomic number 115 . 
Indre-et-Loire ::   indre - et - loire ( ) is a department in west - central france named after the indre and the loire rivers . 
Maine-et-Loire ::   maine - et - loire ( ) is a department in west - central france , in the pays de la loire region . 
Ophioglossales ::   ophioglossales ( lit . ' snake - tongue [ plants ] ' ) are a small group of pteridophyte plants . 
Tennessine ::   tennessine is a synthetic superheavy chemical element with symbol ts and atomic number 117 . 
Elm ::   elms are deciduous and semi - deciduous trees comprising the flowering plant genus " ulmus " in the plant family ulmaceae . 
Prunus ::   prunus is a genus of trees and shrubs , which includes the plums , cherries , peaches , nectarines , apricots and almonds . 
Significance ::   significance can refer to : the meaning of a certain thing 
Bullet ::   a bullet is a component of firearm ammunition and is the projectile expelled from the firearm 's barrel . 
Cornaceae ::   cornaceae is a cosmopolitan family of flowering plants in the order cornales . 
Petrochemical ::   petrochemicals , also called petroleum distillates , are chemical products derived from petroleum . 
Chestnut ::   the chestnut ( " castanea " ) group is a genus of eight or nine species of deciduous trees and shrubs in the beech family fagaceae , native to temperate regions of the northern hemisphere . 
Castanea ::   castanea can mean : 
Sailboat ::   a sailboat or sailing boat is a boat propelled partly or entirely by sails smaller than a sailing ship . 
DivX ::   divx is a brand of video codec products developed by divx , llc . 
Zool ::   zool : ninja of the nth dimension is a platform game originally produced for the amiga by gremlin graphics in . 
Scholastica ::   scholastica ( c. 480 – 10 february 543 ) is a saint of the roman catholic church and the eastern orthodox churches . 
Ketchup ::   ketchup is a condiment . 
Lewes ::   lewes is the county town of the administrative county of east sussex , in england , and historically all of sussex . 
Cassini–Huygens ::   the cassini – huygens mission ( ) , commonly called cassini , was a collaboration between nasa , the european space agency ( esa ) , and the italian space agency ( asi ) to send a probe to study the planet saturn and its system , including its rings and natural satellites . 
Copernicium ::   copernicium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol cn and atomic number 112 . 
Ginkgoales ::   ginkgoales or ginkgophyte is a gymnosperm order containing only one extant species : " ginkgo biloba " , the ginkgo tree . 
Ginkgoaceae ::   the ginkgoaceae is a family of gymnosperms which appeared during the mesozoic era , of which the only extant representative is " ginkgo biloba " , which is for this reason sometimes regarded as a living fossil . 
Lycopodiophyta ::   the division lycopodiophyta ( sometimes called lycophyta or lycopods ) is a tracheophyte subgroup of the kingdom plantae . 
Urolagnia ::   urolagnia ( also urophilia , undinism , golden shower and watersports ) is a form of salirophilia ( which is a form of paraphilia ) in which sexual excitement is associated with the sight or thought of urine or urination . 
Urbana ::   urbana can refer to : 
Vicksburg ::   vicksburg is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
Gaviiformes ::   gaviiformes is an order of aquatic birds containing the loons or divers and their closest extinct relatives . 
Loon ::   the loons ( north america ) or divers ( uk / ireland ) are a group of aquatic birds found in many parts of north america and northern eurasia . 
Bilbao ::   bilbao (; ; ) is a city in northern spain , the largest city in the province of biscay and in the basque country as a whole . 
Chess960 ::   chess960 , also known as fischer random chess and fischerandom , is a variant of chess invented and advocated by former world chess champion bobby fischer , publicly announced on june 19 , 1996 , in buenos aires , argentina . 
Nottinghamshire ::   nottinghamshire ( pronounced or /ˈnɒtɪŋəmˌʃɪər/ ; abbreviated notts ) is a county in the east midlands of england , bordering south yorkshire to the north - west , lincolnshire to the east , leicestershire to the south , and derbyshire to the west . 
DIVX ::   divx ( digital video express ) was an unsuccessful attempt by circuit city and the entertainment law firm ziffren , brittenham , branca and fischer to create an alternative to video rental in the united states . 
Remodernism ::   remodernism revives aspects of modernism , particularly in its early form , and follows postmodernism , to which it contrasts . 
Welwitschia ::   welwitschia is a monotypic gymnosperm genus , comprising solely the distinctive " welwitschia mirabilis " . 
Incheon ::   incheon (; ; formerly romanized as inchŏn ; literally " kind river " ) , officially the incheon metropolitan city ( 인천광역시 ) , is a city located in northwestern south korea , bordering seoul and gyeonggi to the east . 
Pinophyta ::   the pinophyta , also known as coniferophyta or coniferae , or commonly as conifers , are a division of vascular land plants containing a single class , pinopsida . 
Pinales ::   the order pinales in the division pinophyta , class pinopsida , comprises all the extant conifers . 
Logging ::   logging is the cutting , skidding , on - site processing , and loading of trees or logs onto trucks or skeleton cars . 
Busan ::   busan ( ) , formerly known as pusan and now officially is south korea 's second most - populous city after seoul . 
Puducherry ::   puducherry ( ) ; literally " new town " in tamil ) , formerly known as pondicherry (; is a union territory of india . 
Workstation ::   a workstation is a special computer designed for technical or scientific applications . 
Riverworld ::   riverworld is a fictional planet and the setting for a series of science fiction books written by philip josé farmer . 
Álava ::   álava ( in spanish ) or araba ( in basque , dialectal : ) , officially araba / álava , is a province of spain and a historical territory of the basque country , heir of the ancient lordship of álava , former medieval catholic bishopric and now latin titular see . 
Asturias ::   asturias (; ; ) , officially the principality of asturias (; ) , is an autonomous community in north - west spain . 
Hove ::   hove is a town on the south coast of england , immediately to the west of its larger neighbour brighton , with which it forms the unitary authority brighton and hove . 
Extremadura ::   extremadura (; ; ; ) is an autonomous community of western iberian peninsula whose capital city is mérida , recognised by the state of autonomy of extremadura . 
Ayrshire ::   ayrshire ( , ) is a historic county and registration county in south - west scotland , located on the shores of the firth of clyde . 
Slash'EM ::   slash'em ( super lotsa added stuff hack - extended magic ) is a variant of the roguelike game " nethack " that offers extra features , monsters , and items . 
Ximian ::   ximian , inc. ( previously called helix code and originally named international gnome support ) was a company that developed , sold and supported application software for linux and unix based on the gnome platform . 
OpenOffice.org ::   openoffice.org ( ooo ) , commonly known as openoffice , is a discontinued open - source office suite . 
StarOffice ::   staroffice , known briefly as oracle open office before being discontinued in 2011 , was a proprietary office suite . 
Mayday ::   mayday is an emergency procedure word used internationally as a distress signal in voice - procedure radio communications . 
Frombork ::   frombork ( ) is a town in northern poland , on the vistula lagoon , in braniewo county , warmian - masurian voivodeship . 
Venera ::   the venera ( , ) series space probes were developed by the soviet union between 1961 and 1984 to gather data from venus , venera being the russian name for venus . 
Peasant ::   a peasant is a pre - industrial agricultural laborer or farmer , especially one living in the middle ages under feudalism and paying rent , tax , fees or services to a landlord . 
Eryngium ::   eryngium is a genus of flowering plants in the family apiaceae . 
Huesca ::   huesca (; ) is a city in north - eastern spain , within the autonomous community of aragon . 
Teruel ::   teruel ( ) is a city in aragon , located in eastern spain , and is also the capital of teruel province . 
Hijab ::   a hijab ( , , or ; " " , or ( dialectal ) ) is a veil traditionally worn by some muslim women in the presence of adult males outside of their immediate family , which usually covers the head and chest . 
Protagonist ::   a protagonist ( ) is the main character in any story , such as a literary work or drama . 
Bilirubin ::   bilirubin ( formerly referred to as haematoidin and discovered by rudolf virchow in 1847 ) is a yellow compound that occurs in the normal catabolic pathway that breaks down heme in vertebrates . 
Pattern ::   a pattern , apart from the term 's use to mean " template " , is a discernible regularity in the world or in a manmade design . 
EDE ::   ede or equinox desktop environment is a light weight desktop environment with an appearance somewhat reminiscent of windows 9x . 
Yeoman ::   a yeoman was a member of a social class in late medieval to early modern england . 
Abetalipoproteinemia ::   abetalipoproteinemia , or bassen - kornzweig syndrome , is a rare autosomal recessive disorder that interferes with the normal absorption of fat and fat - soluble vitamins from food . 
Storyboard ::   a storyboard is a graphic organizer in the form of illustrations or images displayed in sequence for the purpose of pre - visualizing a motion picture , animation , motion graphic or interactive media sequence . 
Cervera ::   cervera ( , ) is the capital of the " comarca " of segarra , in the province of lleida , catalonia . 
Ripoll ::   ripoll ( ) is the capital of the " comarca " of ripollès , in the province of girona , catalonia , spain . 
Laparoscopy ::   laparoscopy ( ) is an operation performed in the abdomen or pelvis through small incisions ( usually 0.5–1.5   cm ) with the aid of a camera . 
Chemisorption ::   chemisorption is a kind of adsorption which involves a chemical reaction between the surface and the adsorbate . 
Physisorption ::   physisorption , also called physical adsorption , is a process in which the electronic structure of the atom or molecule is barely perturbed upon adsorption . 
Ænon ::   ænon , more commonly written aenon , is the site mentioned by the gospel of john as the place where john was baptising after his encounter with jesus . 
Abarim ::   abarim ( hebrew : הָעֲבָרִים , " ha - avarim " ) is a mountain range across jordan , to the east and south - east of the dead sea , extending from mount nebo — its highest point — in the north , perhaps to the arabian desert in the south . 
Abel-beth-maachah ::   tel abel beth maacah , arabic name : tell abil el - qameḥ , is a large archaeological site consisting of a mound with a small upper northern section and a large lower southern one , connected by a saddle . 
Abel-meholah ::   abel - meholah ( , " avel mehola " ) was a city mentioned repeatedly in the hebrew bible / old testament and best known for being the birthplace and residence of the prophet elisha . 
Abel-mizraim ::   abel - mizraim ( the " meadow of egypt " , or " mourning of egypt " ) is a place " beyond , " or west , of the jordan river , at the " threshing - floor of atad . " 
Abez ::   abez or ebez ( , meaning " tin " , " white " , or alternatively " academic " ) was a town in the allotment of the tribe of issachar , at the north of the jezreel valley , or plain of esdraelon . 
Aviv ::   aviv ( ) is a word that has several similar meanings in hebrew . 
Abiezer ::   abiezer or abieezer is the name of three biblical characters . 
Abihud ::   there are two biblical characters named abihud . 
Abiram ::   abiram , also spelled abiron ( " my father is exalted " ) , is the name of two people in the old testament . 
Abishag ::   abishag ( " avishag " ) was a young woman of shunem , distinguished for her beauty . 
Abishua ::   abishua ( ) was an early high priest of israel . 
Eunuch ::   the term eunuch (; ) generally refers to a man who has been castrated , typically early enough in his life for this change to have major hormonal consequences . 
Akeldama ::   aceldama , akeldama or hakeldama ( aramaic : חקל דמא ; field of blood ) is the aramaic name for a place in jerusalem associated with judas iscariot , one of the followers of jesus . 
Achbor ::   achbor ( standard hebrew " akhbor " , tiberian hebrew " ʿaḵbôr " ) is a name that means " gnawing " and is , by extension , used as the word for " mouse " . 
Achish ::   achish ( אָכִישׁ ) is a name used in the hebrew bible for two philistine rulers of gath . 
Achor ::   achor ( " muddy , turbid : gloomy , dejected " ) is the name of a valley in the vicinity of jericho . 
Achsah ::   achsah (; hebrew : עַכְסָה , also acsah ) , was caleb ben yefune 's only daughter . 
Achshaph ::   achshaph was a royal city of the canaanites , in the north of canaan ( josh . 11:1 ; 12:20 ; 19:25 ) . 
Achziv ::   achziv is an ancient site on the mediterranean coast of northern israel , between the border with lebanon and the city of acre - 15 kilometers north of acre , within the municipal area of nahariya . 
Adar ::   adar ( ; from akkadian " adaru " ) is the sixth month of the civil year and the twelfth month of the ecclesiastical year on the hebrew calendar , roughly corresponding to the month of march in the gregorian calendar . 
Addon ::   addon ( , etymology unknown ) was one of the persons named in the neh . 
Adiel ::   adiel ( ) is a personal meaning " ornament of god " or possibly " god passes by . " 
Adoni-Bezek ::   adoni - bezek , ( " ’ăḏōnî - ḇezeq " , " lord of bezek " ) , also written adonibezek or adoni bezek , was a canaanite king referred to in the hebrew bible in . 
Adonijah ::   adonijah ( " ’ǎḏōnîyāh " , " yah is my lord " ) was the fourth son of king david . 
Adonikam ::   adonikam is a biblical figure , one of those " which came with zerubbabel " ( ) . 
Adoniram ::   adoniram (; hebrew , אדונירם , ' my lord has exalted ' ; alternate form adoram , אדורם " ' adoram " ' the lord has exalted ' ) , the son of abda , was the tax collector in the united kingdom of israel for over forty years , from the late years of king david 's reign until the reign of rehoboam . 
Adria ::   adria is a town and " comune " in the province of rovigo in the veneto region of northern italy , situated between the mouths of the rivers adige and po . 
Adriel ::   adriel ( hebrew : עדריאל ) was a nobleman in the ancient kingdom of israel . 
Adullam ::   adullam ( ) is an ancient ruin , built upon a hilltop overlooking the elah valley , south of bet shemesh in israel . 
Adummim ::   adummim ( meaning , " the red ones " ) , a place apparently on the road between jerusalem and jericho in the west bank . 
Advocate ::   an advocate is a person / representative or supporter , often professional in several different legal systems and it is also a commonly used " honorific " for lawyers , such as in " adv . 
Agabus ::   agabus ( ) was an early follower of christianity mentioned in the acts of the apostles as a prophet . 
Agag ::   agag (; ʾăḡāḡ , ) is a northwest semitic name or title applied to a biblical king . 
Ahasuerus ::   ahasuerus (; in the septuagint ; or in the vulgate ; commonly transliterated " achashverosh " ; cf . 
Ahaz ::   ahaz (; " akhaz " ; ; an abbreviation of jehoahaz , " yahweh has held " (; " 
Ahaziah ::   ahaziah ( , " held by yah(-weh ) " ; douay - rheims : ochozias ) was the name of two kings : 
Ahijah ::   ahijah (; latin and douay - rheims : ahias ) is a name of several biblical individuals : 
Ahikam ::   ahikam ( hebrew אחיקם , " my brother has risen " ) was one of the five whom , according to the hebrew bible , josiah sent to consult the prophetess huldah in connection with the discovery of the book of the law . 
Ahimaaz ::   ahimaaz ( hebrew : אחימעץ " ʾăḥîmaʿaṣ " " my brother is counselor " ) was son of the high priest zadok . 
Ahimelech ::   ahimelech ( hebrew : אחימלך " the [ divine ] king is brother " ) , the son of ahitub and father of abiathar ( 1 sam . 22:20 - 23 ) , but described as the son of abiathar in 2 samuel 8:17 and in four places in 1 chronicles . 
Ahinadab ::   ahinadab ( hebrew : אחינדב " ahinadav " , " my brother is noble " or " my brother has devoted himself " ) , son of iddo , is one of the twelve commissariat officers appointed by solomon to districts of his kingdom to raise supplies by monthly rotation for his household . 
Ahinoam ::   ahinoam ( אֲחִינֹעַם " " ăħinoʕam " " ) is a hebrew name literally meaning " brother of pleasantness " , thus meaning " pleasant " . 
Ahio ::   ahio - brotherly . 
Ahitophel ::   ahitophel , achitopel or ahithophel was a counselor of king david and a man greatly renowned for his sagacity . 
Ahitub ::   ahitub - brother of goodness = good . 
Ahlab ::   ahlab ( - " fatness " ) , a town of asher lying within the unconquered phoenician border ( judg . 
Ahoah ::   ahoah ( " brotherly " ) was one of the sons of bela , the son of benjamin ( 1 chr . 
Oholiab ::   in the hebrew bible , aholiab son of ahisamakh , of the tribe of dan , worked under bezalel as the deputy architect of the tabernacle and the implements which it housed , including the ark of the covenant . 
Aholibamah ::   aholibamah ( hebrew אָהֳלִיבָמָה , standard hebrew oholivama , tiberian hebrew ʼohŏlîḇāmā ; " my tabernacle of / is height / exaltation " or " tent of the high place " ) , is an eight time referenced matriarch in the biblical record . 
Akrabbim ::   akrabbim or acrabbim ( , meaning " scorpions " ) is probably the general name given to the ridge containing the pass between the south of the dead sea and zin , es - sufah , by which there is an ascent to the level of the negev desert . 
Alms ::   alms ( , ) or almsgiving involves giving to others as an act of virtue , either materially or in the sense of providing capabilities ( e.g. education ) free . 
Altar ::   an altar is any structure upon which offerings such as sacrifices are made for religious purposes , and by extension the ' holy table ' of post - reformation anglican churches . 
Alush ::   alush ( ) was one of the places , the last before rephidim , at which the israelites rested on their way to mount sinai ( numbers 33:13 , 14 ) . 
Amalek ::   amalek ( ) is a nation described in the old testament of the bible . 
Amariah ::   amariah ( ) means " promised by god " in hebrew . 
Amasa ::   amasa ( עמשא ) or amessai is a person mentioned in the hebrew bible . 
Amasai ::   there were four biblical characters called amasai ( " burdensome " , ) . 
Ambassador ::   an ambassador is an official envoy , especially a high - ranking diplomat who represents a state and is usually accredited to another sovereign state or to an international organization as the resident representative of their own government or sovereign or appointed for a special and often temporary diplomatic assignment . 
Ammah ::   ammah - a cubit , the name of a hill which joab and abishai reached as the sun went down , when they were in pursuit of abner ( 2 sam . 
Ammihud ::   ammihud ( " ‘ ammîhūḏ " , " people of glory " or " renowned " ) is the name of several hebrew bible figures : 
Ammishaddai ::   in the book of numbers , ammishaddai ( " ‘ ammîšaddāy " " people of the almighty " ) was the father of ahiezer , who was chief of the tribe of dan at the time of the exodus ( numbers 1:12 ; 2:25 ) . 
Ammonoidea ::   ammonoids are an extinct group of marine mollusc animals in the subclass ammonoidea of the class cephalopoda . 
Amoz ::   amoz ( ) was the father of the prophet isaiah , mentioned in isaiah 1:1 and 2:1 , and in ii kings 19:2 , 20 ; 20:1 . 
Amraphel ::   in the hebrew bible , amraphel ( " ’amrāp̄el " ) was a king of shinar ( sumer ) in genesis 14 , who invaded canaan along with other kings under the leadership of chedorlaomer , king of elam . 
Anab ::   " anab is also the nato reporting name for the kaliningrad k-8 air - to - air missile " anab is one of the cities in the mountains of judah , from which joshua expelled the anakim . 
Anakim ::   anakim ( " ‘ ǎnāqîm ") were described as a race of giants , descended from anak , according to the tanakh . 
Ananiah ::   ananiah , in the bible , is a town in the tribe of benjamin between nob and hazor ( ) . 
Anathema ::   anathema , in common usage , is something or someone that is detested or shunned . 
Anathoth ::   anathoth is the name of one of the levitical cities given to " the children of aaron " in the tribe of benjamin (; ) . 
Anem ::   " this article is about the biblical location known as anem . 
Aner ::   aner (; " ‘ ānêr ") refers , in the hebrew bible , to : 
Anger ::   anger or wrath is an intense emotional response . 
Anise ::   anise (; ' ) , also called aniseed " ' , is a flowering plant in the family apiaceae native to the eastern mediterranean region and southwest asia . 
Annas ::   annas [ also " ananus " or " ananias " ] ( ) , son of seth ( 23/22 bc – death date unknown , probably around 40 a.d. ) , was appointed by the roman legate quirinius as the first high priest of the newly formed roman province of iudaea in 6 a.d ; just after the romans had deposed archelaus , ethnarch of judaea , thereby putting judaea directly under roman rule . 
Anointing ::   anointing is the ritual act of pouring aromatic oil over a person 's head or entire body . 
Antipas ::   from the greek : " antipater " . 
Antipatris ::   antipatris ( , ancient greek : αντιπατρίς ) was a city built during the first century bc by herod the great , who named it in honour of his father , antipater . 
Guadiana ::   the guadiana river ( , ) , or odiana , is an international river defining a long stretch of the portugal - spain border , separating extremadura and andalucia ( spain ) from alentejo and algarve ( portugal ) . 
Douro ::   the douro ( ; ; ) is one of the major rivers of the iberian peninsula , flowing from its source near duruelo de la sierra in soria province across northern - central spain and portugal to its outlet at porto . 
Guadalquivir ::   the guadalquivir ( ) is the fifth longest river in the iberian peninsula and the second longest river with its entire length in spain . 
Semele ::   semele (; " semelē " ) , in greek mythology , daughter of the boeotian hero cadmus and harmonia , was the mortal mother of dionysus by zeus in one of his many origin myths . 
Glasgow ::   glasgow (; ; ) is the largest city in scotland , and third - largest in the united kingdom . 
Supper ::   supper is the main evening meal or can be used to describe a light snack later in the evening . 
Attention ::   attention is the behavioral and cognitive process of selectively concentrating on a discrete aspect of information , whether deemed subjective or objective , while ignoring other perceivable information . 
Publishing ::   publishing is the dissemination of literature , music , or information — the activity of making information available to the general public . 
Colloquialism ::   everyday language , everyday speech , common parlance , informal language , colloquial language , general parlance , or vernacular ( but this has other meanings too ) , is the most used variety of a language , which is usually employed in conversation or other communication in informal situations . 
Breakfast ::   breakfast is the first meal of a day , most often eaten in the early morning before undertaking the day 's work . 
Zorah ::   zorah ( ) or tzorah , perhaps " place of wasps , " was a biblical town in the low country of judah . 
Zoheleth ::   zoheleth - the serpent - stone , a rocky plateau near the centre of the village of siloam , and near the fountain of en - rogel , to which the women of the village resort for water ( 1 kings 1:5 - 9 ) . 
Ziklag ::   ziklag ( ) is the biblical name of a town that was located in the negev region in the south - west of what was the kingdom of judah . 
Zerubbabel ::   zerubbabel (; , " zorobabel " ; ) was in biblical account a governor of the persian province of yehud medinata and the grandson of jehoiachin , penultimate king of judah . 
Zerah ::   zerah or zérach ( זֶרַח / זָרַח " sunrise " standard hebrew zéraḥ / záraḥ , tiberian hebrew zéraḥ / zāraḥ ) refers to several different people in the hebrew bible . 
Naturopathy ::   naturopathy or naturopathic medicine is a form of alternative medicine that employs an array of pseudoscientific practices branded as " natural " , " non - invasive " , and as promoting " self - healing " . 
Zedekiah ::   zedekiah (; ; greek : σεδεκίας , " sedekías " ; ) , also written tzidkiyahu , was a biblical character , the last king of judah before the destruction of the kingdom by babylon . 
Iteration ::   iteration is the act of repeating a process , either to generate an unbounded sequence of outcomes , or with the aim of approaching a desired goal , target or result . 
Tampere ::   tampere (; swedish : " tammerfors " ) is a city in pirkanmaa , southern finland . 
Zareth-shahar ::   zareth - shahar , zereth - shahar , or zereth shahar is a place in the hebrew bible mentioned only once , in joshua 13:19 . 
Union ::   union is the state of being united or joined . 
Zaretan ::   zaretan ( also known as zarethan or zeredathah ) is a city mentioned in the bible , as near the location where the hebrews crossed the jordan ( joshua 3:16 ) . 
Dahlia ::   dahlia ( or ) is a genus of bushy , tuberous , herbaceous perennial plants native to mexico . 
Zacchaeus ::   zacchaeus , or zaccheus ( , " " ; , " pure " , " innocent " ) , was a chief tax - collector at jericho , mentioned only in the gospel of luke . 
Zaanaim ::   zaanaim , zaanannim or bezaanaim is a place name applied to one or two locations in the hebrew bible . 
Excession ::   excession is a science fiction novel by scottish writer iain m. banks . 
Veil ::   a veil is an article of clothing or hanging cloth that is intended to cover some part of the head or face , or an object of some significance . 
Uzzi ::   uzzi ( hebrew עוזי " ` oozy " ) is a biblical name meaning " my strength " . 
Urijah ::   urijah ( or uriah in many english translations ) is a prophet mentioned in jeremiah 26:20 - 23 . 
Trophimus ::   trophimus ( , " tróphimos " ) or trophimus the ephesian ( , " tróphimos ho ephésios " ) was a christian who accompanied paul during a part of his third missionary journey . 
Trichotillomania ::   trichotillomania ( ttm ) , also known as hair pulling disorder , is an impulse control disorder characterised by a long term urge that results in the pulling out of one 's hair . 
Nostril ::   a nostril ( or naris , plural " nares " ) is one of the two channels of the nose , from the point where they bifurcate to the external opening . 
Covadonga ::   covadonga ( asturian : " cuadonga " , from the visigothic / old germanic " cofa weorðunga " , meaning " cave of worship / true , loyal thanks " , or " cofa ðunga / ðanca " , meaning " cave of thanks / gratitude " , is a village and one of 11 parishes in cangas de onís , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of asturias , in northwestern spain . 
Turtur ::   turtur is a small genus of doves native to sub - saharan africa . 
Tomb ::   a tomb ( from " tumbos " ) is a repository for the remains of the dead . 
Tishbite ::   tishbite is a demonym predicated of the prophet elijah in the hebrew bible ( , , and ) . 
Thoth ::   thoth ( or ; from greek " " ; derived from egyptian " ḏḥw.ty " ) was one of the deities of the egyptian pantheon . 
Creosote ::   creosote is a category of carbonaceous chemicals formed by the distillation of various tars and pyrolysis of plant - derived material , such as wood or fossil fuel . 
Ammonium ::   the ammonium cation is a positively charged polyatomic ion with the chemical formula . 
Roundhead ::   roundheads were supporters of the parliament of england during the english civil war . 
Xfce ::   xfce ( pronounced as four individual letters ) is a free and open - source desktop environment for unix and unix - like operating systems , such as linux , solaris , and bsd . 
Tonkin ::   tonkin ( , historically ) , also spelled tongkin , tonquin or tongking , is in the red river delta region of northern vietnam . 
Mekong ::   the mekong is a trans - boundary river in southeast asia . 
Tertullus ::   in the bible , tertullus ( a modification of " tertius " ) was a lawyer , who was employed by the jews to state their case against paul in the presence of felix ( acts 24:1 - 9 ) . 
Terah ::   terah or térach ( ) is a biblical figure in the book of genesis , son of nahor , son of serug and father of the patriarch abraham , all descendants of shem 's son arpachshad . 
Moskvitch ::   moskvitch ( ) ( also written as " moskvich " , " moskvič " or " moskwitsch " ) was a soviet / russian automobile brand produced by azlk from 1946 to 1991 and by oao moskvitch from 1991 to 2001 . 
GAZ ::   gaz or " gorkovsky avtomobilny zavod " ( ) is a russian automotive manufacturer located in nizhny novgorod . 
UAZ ::   uaz ( уаз ) ( ) is an automobile manufacturer based in ulyanovsk , russia , which manufactures off - road vehicles , buses and trucks . 
ZAZ ::   zaz or zaporizhia automobile building plant ( , " zaporiz'kyi avtomobilebudivnyi zavod " or " zaporiz'kyi avtozavod " ) is the main automobile manufacturer of ukraine , based in the south - eastern city of zaporizhia . 
Tết ::   tết ( or ) , or vietnamese new year , is the most important celebration in vietnamese culture . 
Tarshish ::   tarshish ( ) occurs in the hebrew bible with several uncertain meanings , most frequently as a place ( probably a large city or region ) far across the sea from the land of israel and phoenicia ( tarshish is currently the name of a village in mount lebanon district in lebanon ) . 
Tartessos ::   tartessos ( ) or tartessus was a semi - mythical harbor city and the surrounding culture on the south coast of the iberian peninsula ( in modern andalusia , spain ) , at the mouth of the guadalquivir river . 
Guarana ::   guarana ( from the portuguese " guaraná " ) , " paullinia cupana " , syn . " 
Sycamine ::   the sycamine tree ( , " sykaminō " ) is mentioned only in luke 17:6 of the bible . 
Suph ::   suph is a place name that appears in deuteronomy 1:1 ( r.v. marg . " 
Acetophenone ::   acetophenone is the organic compound with the formula chc(o)ch ( also represented by the pseudoelement symbols phac or bzme ) . 
Succoth ::   succoth may mean : there are two places called succoth in the bible : •the place where jacob settled after his bout with the angel of yhwh : " and jacob journeyed to succoth ( סכת ) , and built for himself a house , and made booths ( סכת ) for his livestock . 
Cenovis ::   cenovis is a product based on yeast extract that is similar to marmite and vegemite , rich in vitamin b. in the form of a dark brown food paste , it is used to flavour soups , sausages and salads . 
Excitation ::   excitement or excitation can refer to : 
KAvZ ::   kavz ( , " kurgansky avtobusny zavod " ) is a bus manufacturer in kurgan , kgn , russia . 
Spies ::   spies most commonly refers to people who engage in spying , espionage or clandestine operations . 
Pistacia ::   pistacia is a genus of flowering plants in the cashew family , anacardiaceae . 
Sosthenes ::   sosthenes ( greek , " safe in strength " ) was the chief ruler of the synagogue at corinth , who , according to the acts of the apostles , was seized and beaten by the mob in the presence of gallio , the roman governor , when he refused to proceed against paul at the instigation of the jews ( ) . 
Semivowel ::   in phonetics and phonology , a semivowel or glide , also known as a non - syllabic vocoid , is a sound that is phonetically similar to a vowel sound but functions as the syllable boundary , rather than as the nucleus of a syllable . 
IMZ-Ural ::   imz - ural ( ) is a russian maker of heavy sidecar motorcycles . 
Anacardiaceae ::   the anacardiaceae , commonly known as the cashew family or sumac family , are a family of flowering plants , including about 83 genera with about 860 known species . 
Gouache ::   gouache (; ) , body color , opaque watercolor , or guache , is one type of watermedia , paint consisting of pigment , water , a binding agent ( usually dextrin or gum arabic ) , and sometimes additional inert material . 
Anacardium ::   anacardium is a genus of flowering plants in the family anacardiaceae , native to tropical regions of the americas . 
Toxicodendron ::   toxicodendron is a genus of flowering plants in the sumac family , anacardiaceae . 
Sisera ::   sisera ( hebrew : סִיסְרָא " sîsərā " ) was commander of the canaanite army of king jabin of hazor , who is mentioned in of the hebrew bible . 
Sumac ::   sumac ( " summāqāʾ " ( " red , red shift , turning red " ) , " summāq " ; , or ; also spelled sumach , sumaq ) is any one of about 35 species of flowering plants in the genus rhus and related genera , in the family anacardiaceae . the dried and powdered fruits are used as a spice in middle eastern cuisine . 
Sihon ::   sihon , according to the old testament , was an amorite king who refused to let the israelites pass through his country . 
Shunem ::   shunem (; douay - rheims : sunam ) was a small village mentioned in the bible . 
Sheshach ::   sheshach - ( jer . 
Shekhinah ::   the shekhina(h ) ( also spelled shekina(h ) , schechina(h ) , or shechina(h ) ) ( ) is the english transliteration of a hebrew word meaning " dwelling " or " settling " and denotes the dwelling or settling of the divine presence of god . 
Shecaniah ::   shecaniah - " one intimate with god " . ( 1 . ) a priest to whom the tenth lot came forth when david divided the priests ( 1 chr . 
Shebna ::   shebna ( ) was " treasurer over the house " ( meaning comptroller or governor of the palace ) in the reign of king hezekiah of judah , according to the old testament . 
Sheba ::   sheba (; ge'ez : ሳባ , " saba " , , " sabaʾ " , south arabian " s - b-ʾ , " , šəḇā ) was a south arabian speaking kingdom believed to be in modern day yemen mentioned in the hebrew bible ( old testament ) and the quran . 
Shamgar ::   shamgar , son of anath ( " šamgar " ) , is the name of one or possibly two individuals named in the book of judges . 
Shallum ::   shallum ( " retribution " ) was the name of several people of the old testament . 
Angioplasty ::   angioplasty , also known as balloon angioplasty and percutaneous transluminal angioplasty ( pta ) , is a minimally invasive , endovascular procedure to widen narrowed or obstructed arteries or veins , typically to treat arterial atherosclerosis . 
Seraiah ::   seraiah or sraya ( שְׂרָיָה " soldier / prince of / is the lord " , standard hebrew səraya , tiberian hebrew śərāyāh ) is the name of several people mentioned in the hebrew bible : 
Sepharvaim ::   sepharvaim - taken by a king of assyria , probably sargon ii , ( cited in the old testament in 2 kings 17:24 , 31 ; 18:34 ; 19:13 ; isa . 
Lord ::   lord is an appellation for a person or deity who has authority , control , or power over others acting like a master , a chief , or a ruler . 
Seir ::   seir ( , " rough , hairy " ) . 
RT-11 ::   rt-11 ( " rt " for " real - time " ) is a discontinued small , single - user real - time operating system for the digital equipment corporation pdp-11 family of 16-bit computers . 
Valladolid ::   valladolid ( or , ) is a city in spain and the " de facto " capital of the autonomous community of castile and león . 
Scribe ::   a scribe is a person who serves as a professional copyist , especially one who made copies of manuscripts before the invention of automatic printing . 
Sceva ::   sceva ( ) was a jew called a " chief priest " in , although whether he was a chief priest is disputed by some writers . 
Sabbatical ::   sabbatical or a sabbatical ( from latin : " sabbaticus " , from greek : " sabbatikos " ( σαββατικός ) , from hebrew : " shabbat " ( " שבת " ) ( i.e. , sabbath ) , literally a " ceasing " ) is a rest from work , or a break , often lasting from two months to a year . 
Rizpah ::   rizpah ( riz'-pa , " coal " , " hot stone " ) was the daughter of aiah , and one of saul 's concubines . 
Java ::   java ( indonesian : jawa ; javanese : ꦗꦮ ; sundanese : ) is an island of indonesia . 
Riblah ::   the ancient town of riblah ( meaning " fruitful " ) , today a tell covered by a cemetery not far from the town of ribleh on the syrian side of the border with lebanon , was in biblical times located on the northern frontier of the land of canaan . 
Soprano ::   a soprano is a type of classical female singing voice and has the highest vocal range of all voice types . 
Rephidim ::   rephidim ( ) is one of the places visited by the israelites in the biblical account of the exodus from egypt . 
Drechtsteden ::   the drechtsteden ( dutch for " drecht cities " ) are a number of towns and cities bordering each other in the delta area of the rivers oude maas , noord , and beneden - merwede in the province of south holland , netherlands . 
Herm ::   herm ( guernésiais : " haerme " ) is one of the channel islands and part of the parish of st peter port in the bailiwick of guernsey . 
Rechabite ::   rechabites are a biblical clan , the descendants of rechab through jehonadab . 
Luzon ::   luzon (; ) is the largest and most populous island in the philippines . 
Ranges ::   in the hebrew bible and in the old testament , the word ranges has two very different meanings . 
Ramoth-Gilead ::   ramoth - gilead ( , meaning " heights of gilead " ) , was a levitical city and city of refuge east of the jordan river in the hebrew bible , also called " ramoth in gilead " ( deuteronomy ; joshua ; ) or " ramoth galaad " in the douay - rheims bible . 
Rahab ::   rahab , (; ) was , according to the book of joshua , a prostitute who lived in jericho in the promised land and assisted the israelites in capturing the city . 
Rabshakeh ::   rabshakeh , also rab - shakeh and rabsaces ( akkadian language " rabshaqe " ; ; " rapsakēs " ; ) assyrian neo - aramaic : ( ) this name meaning chief of the princes in the semitic akkadian and aramaic languages , was given to the chief cup - bearer or the vizier of the akkadian , assyrian and babylonian royal courts in ancient mesopotamia , and revived by the assyrians as a military rank during world war i. the bible mentions it for one of sennacherib 's messengers to hezekiah . 
BioWare ::   bioware is a canadian video game developer located in edmonton , alberta , canada . 
Castration ::   castration ( also known as gonadectomy ) is any action , surgical , chemical , or otherwise , by which an individual loses use of the testicles . 
Waterfall ::   a waterfall is a place where water flows over a vertical drop or a series of steep drops in the course of a stream or river . waterfalls also occur where meltwater drops over the edge of a tabular iceberg or ice shelf . 
Mutiny ::   mutiny is a criminal conspiracy among a group of people ( typically members of the military or the crew of any ship , even if they are civilians ) to openly oppose , change , or overthrow a lawful authority to which they are subject . 
Terrassa ::   terrassa ( ) is a spanish city in the east central region of catalonia , in the province of barcelona , " comarca " of vallès occidental , of which it is the cocapital along with sabadell . 
Ge'ez ::   ge'ez (; , ' ; also transliterated giʻiz ) is an ancient south semitic language and is a member of the ethiopian semitic group . 
Acinonyx ::   acinonyx is a genus within the cat family . 
Kalgoorlie ::   kalgoorlie , part of the city of kalgoorlie - boulder , is a city in the goldfields - esperance region of western australia , australia , located east - northeast of perth at the end of the great eastern highway . 
Vasectomy ::   vasectomy is a surgical procedure for male sterilization or permanent contraception . 
Vanir ::   in norse religion , the vanir (; singular vanr ) are a group of gods associated with fertility , wisdom , nature , magic , and the ability to see the future . 
Fulla ::   in germanic mythology , fulla ( old norse , possibly " bountiful " ) or volla ( old high german ) is a goddess . 
Hlín ::   in norse mythology , hlín ( old norse " protectress " ) is a goddess associated with the goddess frigg . 
Pi-Hahiroth ::   pi - hahiroth ( ) is the fourth station of the exodus . 
Eir ::   in norse mythology , eir ( old norse " help , mercy " ) is a goddess and/or valkyrie associated with medical skill . 
Pharisees ::   the pharisees were at various times a political party , a social movement , and a school of thought in the holy land during the time of second temple judaism . 
Rounders ::   rounders ( ) is a bat - and - ball game played between two teams . 
Sif ::   in norse mythology , sif is a goddess associated with earth . 
Snotra ::   in norse mythology , snotra ( old norse " clever " ) is a goddess associated with wisdom . 
Cantabria ::   cantabria ( , ; ) is a historic spanish community and autonomous community with santander as its capital city . 
Vör ::   in norse mythology , vör ( old norse , possibly " the careful one , " or " aware , careful " ) is a goddess associated with wisdom . 
Perga ::   perga or perge ( " perge " , ) was an ancient anatolian city in modern turkey , once the capital of pamphylia secunda , now in antalya province on the southwestern mediterranean coast of turkey . 
Peor ::   peor can mean : 
Penuel ::   in the hebrew bible , penuel ( or " pniel " , " pnuel " ; hebrew : ) is a place not far from succoth , on the east of the jordan river and south of the river jabbok . 
Pekah ::   pekah ( or ; , pẹqaḥ ; " open - eyed " ; " paqaḫa " ; ) was king of israel . 
Pashhur ::   pashur or pashhur ( hebrew : פשחור pash-"h"ur ) was the name of at least two priests contemporary with the prophet jeremiah and who are mentioned in the book of jeremiah . 
Parlour ::   parlour ( or parlor ) is a term used for a variety of different reception rooms and public spaces in different historical periods . 
Ophrah ::   ophrah ( or ) is a name in the hebrew bible meaning " a fawn " given to : 
Ophir ::   ophir (; ) is a port or region mentioned in the bible , famous for its wealth . 
Banjul ::   banjul , officially the city of banjul and formerly known as bathurst , is the capital of the gambia and is in a division of the same name . 
Onesimus ::   saint onesimus ( , meaning " useful " ; died c. 68 ad , according to orthodox tradition ) , also called onesimus of byzantium and the holy apostle onesimus in some eastern orthodox churches , was a slave to philemon of colossae , a man of christian faith . 
Porirua ::   porirua is a city in the wellington region of the north island of new zealand , and one of the four cities that constitute the wellington metropolitan area . 
Obed-Edom ::   obed - edom ( oh'bed ee'duhm ) is a biblical name which in hebrew means " servant of edom , " and which appears in the books of 2 samuel and 1 and 2 chronicles . 
Nose-jewel ::   a nose - jewel is a piece of jewelry that is worn on the nose . 
Nicolaism ::   nicolaism ( also nicholaism , nicolaitism , nicolationism , or nicolaitanism ) is a christian heresy first mentioned ( twice ) in the book of revelation of the new testament , whose adherents were called nicolaitans , nicolaitanes , or nicolaites . 
Nethaneel ::   nethaneel - נתנאל " gift of / is god " , 
Neriglissar ::   nergal - sharezer or neriglissar ( in akkadian nergal - šar - uṣur , " oh god nergal , preserve / defend the king " ; the common form of his name is neriglissar ) was king of babylon from 560 to 556 bc . 
Nehushtan ::   in the biblical books of kings ( ) , the nehushtan ( or nohestan ) ( hebrew : נחושתן or נחש הנחושת ) is the derogatory name given to the bronze serpent on a pole first described in the book of numbers , which god told moses to erect to so that the israelites who saw it would be protected from dying from the bites of the " fiery serpents " which god had sent to punish them for speaking against god and moses . 
Naboth ::   naboth ( ) " the israelite " is the central figure of a passage from the old testament . 
Band-Aid ::   band - aid is a brand name of american pharmaceutical and medical devices giant johnson & johnson 's line of adhesive bandages . 
Chaosnet ::   chaosnet was first developed by thomas knight and jack holloway at mit 's ai lab in 1975 and thereafter . 
Moriah ::   moriah ( , ) is the name given to a mountain range by the book of genesis , in which context it is the location of the sacrifice of isaac . 
Wheeling ::   wheeling can refer to : 
Moreh ::   moreh is the name of a location or a person mentioned several times in the hebrew bible . 
Mordecai ::   mordecai or mordechai ( , , ipa value : ) is one of the main personalities in the book of esther in the hebrew bible . 
Windham ::   windham is an english surname , derived from the name of wymondham , norfolk . 
Crossword ::   a crossword is a word puzzle that usually takes the form of a square or a rectangular grid of white- and black - shaded squares . 
Bedfordshire ::   bedfordshire ( or ; abbreviated beds . ) is a county in the east of england . 
Bedford ::   bedford is the county town of bedfordshire , england . 
Abarth ::   abarth & c. s.p . 
Pelican ::   pelicans are a genus of large water birds that makes up the family pelecanidae . 
Hebrews ::   hebrews ( hebrew : עברים or עבריים , ' , ' ; ' , ' ; ' , ' ) is a term appearing 34 times within 32 verses of the hebrew bible . 
Broadsheet ::   a broadsheet is the largest newspaper format and is characterized by long vertical pages ( typically ) . 
Fealty ::   an oath of fealty , from the latin fidelitas ( faithfulness ) , is a pledge of allegiance of one person to another . 
Cryptogram ::   a cryptogram is a type of puzzle that consists of a short piece of encrypted text . 
Selena ::   selena quintanilla - pérez ( or ; april 16 , 1971 – 
Croats ::   croats (; , ) are a nation and south slavic ethnic group located at the crossroads of central europe and the balkans . 
Phidias ::   phidias or pheidias (; , " pheidias " ; c. 480   – 430 bc ) was a greek sculptor , painter , and architect . 
Egyptian ::   egyptian describes something of , from , or related to egypt . 
Jethou ::   jethou ( ) is a small island that is part of the bailiwick of guernsey in the channel islands . 
Saccade ::   a saccade ( , french for " jerk " ) is a quick , simultaneous movement of both eyes between two or more phases of fixation in the same direction . 
Humbert ::   humbert ( latinized " humbertus " ) is a germanic given name , from " hun " " warrior " and " beraht " " bright " . 
Donatello ::   donato di niccolò di betto bardi ( c. 1386 – 13 december 1466 ) , better known as donatello ( ) , was an italian renaissance sculptor from florence . 
Napoleon ::   napoléon bonaparte (; ; 15 august 1769 – 5 may 1821 ) was a french statesman and military leader who rose to prominence during the french revolution and led several successful campaigns during the french revolutionary wars . 
Headache ::   headache is the symptom of pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck . 
Wales ::   wales (; ) is a country that is part of the united kingdom and the island of great britain . 
Mithril ::   mithril is a fictional metal found in the writings of j. r. r. tolkien , being present in his middle - earth , and also appearing in many other works of derivative fantasy . 
Whodunit ::   a whodunit or whodunnit ( for " who [ has ] done it ? " or " who did it ? " ) is a complex , plot - driven variety of the detective story in which the audience is given the opportunity to engage in the same process of deduction as the protagonist throughout the investigation of a crime . 
Sywell ::   sywell is a village and civil parish in the borough of wellingborough , northamptonshire , england . 
Hydrazine ::   hydrazine is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula ( also written ) , archaically called diamidogen . 
Hornbill ::   the hornbills ( bucerotidae ) are a family of bird found in tropical and subtropical africa , asia and melanesia . 
Ooty ::   udagamandalam ( also ootacamund ( ) ) and abbreviated as udhagai and ooty ( is a town and municipality in the indian state of tamil nadu . 
Charles ::   charles is a masculine given name from the french form " charles " of a germanic name " karl " . 
Argos ::   argos (; modern greek : άργος ; ancient greek : ἄργος ) is a city in argolis , the peloponnese , greece and one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world . 
Mysore ::   mysore ( , officially renamed as mysuru ) is the third most populous and the third largest city after state capital bangalore and hubli in the state of karnataka , india . 
Rectangle ::   in euclidean plane geometry , a rectangle is a quadrilateral with four right angles . 
Brokkr ::   in norse mythology , brokkr ( old norse " the one who works with metal fragments ; blacksmith " , anglicized brokk ) is a dwarf , and the brother of eitri or sindri . 
Eitri ::   in norse mythology , eitri ( or sindri ) is a dwarf and the brother of brokkr . 
Skaði ::   in norse mythology , skaði ( sometimes anglicized as skadi , skade , or skathi ) is a jötunn and goddess associated with bowhunting , skiing , winter , and mountains . 
Náströnd ::   in norse mythology , nástrǫnd ( " corpse shore " ) is a place in hel where níðhöggr lives and chews on corpses . 
Naming ::   naming is assigning a name to something . 
Compiler-compiler ::   in computer science , a compiler - compiler or compiler generator is a programming tool that creates a parser , interpreter , or compiler from some form of formal description of a language and machine . 
Floodplain ::   a floodplain or flood plain is an area of land adjacent to a stream or river which stretches from the banks of its channel to the base of the enclosing valley walls and which experiences flooding during periods of high discharge . 
Sycamore ::   sycamore is a name which has been applied at various times and places to several different types of trees , but with somewhat similar leaf forms . 
Mistletoe ::   mistletoe is the most common name for most obligate hemiparasitic plants in the order santalales . 
Platanaceae ::   the platanaceae are a family of flowering plants belonging to the order proteales . 
Cypriniformes ::   cypriniformes is an order of ray - finned fish , including the carps , minnows , loaches and relatives . 
Recycling ::   recycling is the process of converting waste materials into new materials and objects . 
Wiradjuri ::   the wiradjuri people ( ) ) are a group of indigenous australian aboriginal people that were united by a common language , strong ties of kinship and survived as skilled hunter – fisher – gatherers in family groups or clans scattered throughout central new south wales . 
Moral ::   a moral ( from latin " morālis " ) is a message that is conveyed or a lesson to be learned from a story or event . 
Oology ::   oology ( or oölogy ) is a branch of ornithology studying bird eggs , nests and breeding behaviour . 
Duodenum ::   the duodenum is the first section of the small intestine in most higher vertebrates , including mammals , reptiles , and birds . 
Genipa ::   genipa is a genus of trees in the family rubiaceae . 
Motto ::   a motto ( derived from the latin " muttum " , ' mutter ' , by way of italian " motto " , ' word ' , ' sentence ' ) is a maxim , a phrase meant to formally summarize the general motivation or intention of an individual , family , social group or organization . 
Safeword ::   in bdsm , a safeword is a code word , series of code words or other signal used by a submissive or bottom to unambiguously communicate their physical or emotional state to a dominant or top , typically when approaching , or crossing , a physical , emotional , or moral boundary . 
Trachea ::   the trachea , colloquially called the windpipe , is a cartilaginous tube that connects the pharynx and larynx to the lungs , allowing the passage of air , and so is present in almost all air - breathing animals with lungs . 
Birobidzhan ::   birobidzhan (; , " birobidzshan " ) is a town and the administrative center of the jewish autonomous oblast , russia , located on the trans - siberian railway , close to the border with china . 
Suffrage ::   suffrage , political franchise , or simply franchise is the right to vote in public , political elections ( although the term is sometimes used for any right to vote ) . 
Shareaza ::   shareaza is a peer - to - peer file sharing client running under microsoft windows which supports the gnutella , gnutella2 ( g2 ) , edonkey , bittorrent , ftp , http and https network protocols and handles magnet links , ed2k links , and the now deprecated gnutella and piolet links . 
Worship ::   worship is an act of religious devotion usually directed towards a deity . 
Blossom ::   in botany , blossoms are the flowers of stone fruit bush ( genus " prunus " ) and of some other plants with a similar appearance that flower profusely for a period of time in spring 
Kuvasz ::   the kuvasz ( ) , is an ancient breed of a livestock dog of hungarian origin . 
Countertenor ::   a countertenor ( or contra tenor ) is a type of classical male singing voice whose vocal range is equivalent to that of the female contralto or mezzo - soprano voice types , generally extending from around g to d or e , although a sopranist ( a specific kind of countertenor ) may match the soprano 's range of around c to c. countertenors often are baritones or tenors at core , but rarely use this vocal range in performance . 
Satisficing ::   satisficing is a decision - making strategy or cognitive heuristic that entails searching through the available alternatives until an acceptability threshold is met . 
Esker ::   an esker , eskar , eschar , or os , sometimes called an " asar " , " osar " , or " serpent kame " , is a long , winding ridge of stratified sand and gravel , examples of which occur in glaciated and formerly glaciated regions of europe and north america . 
Inflammation ::   inflammation ( from latin " inflammatio " ) is part of the complex biological response of body tissues to harmful stimuli , such as pathogens , damaged cells , or irritants , and is a protective response involving immune cells , blood vessels , and molecular mediators . 
Edema ::   edema , also spelled œdema , is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium , located beneath the skin and in the cavities of the body , which can cause severe pain . 
Geordie ::   geordie is both a regional nickname for a person from the larger tyneside region of north east england and the name of the northern english dialect spoken by its inhabitants . 
Adûnaic ::   adûnaic ( or adunaic ) ( " language of the west " ) is a fictional language in the fantasy works of j. r. r. tolkien . 
Alto ::   the musical term alto , meaning " high " in ( latin : ) , refers to the second highest part of a contrapuntal musical texture and is also applied to its associated vocal range , especially in choral music . 
Tenor ::   tenor is a type of classical male singing voice whose vocal range is between the countertenor and baritone voice types . 
Baritone ::   a baritone is a type of classical male singing voice whose vocal range lies between the bass and the tenor voice types . 
Telenor ::   telenor group (; or ) is a norwegian mostly government - owned multinational telecommunications company headquartered at fornebu in bærum , close to oslo . 
Pitmatic ::   pitmatic ( originally " pitmatical " ) , also colloquially known as " yakka " , is a dialect of english used in the counties of northumberland and durham in england . 
Nosology ::   nosology ( ) is a classification scheme within medicine delineating classification of diseases . 
Ceviche ::   ceviche ( ) is a seafood dish popular in the coastal regions of latin america and the caribbean . 
Valparaíso ::   valparaíso ( , ) is a major city , seaport , and educational center in the county or commune of valparaíso , chile . 
Orthoptera ::   orthoptera is an order of insects that comprises the grasshoppers , locusts and crickets , including closely related insects such as the katydids and wetas . 
Levite ::   a levite ( or levi ) is a jewish male whose descent is traced by tradition to levi . 
Hemolysis ::   hemolysis or haemolysis , also known by several other names , is the rupturing ( lysis ) of red blood cells ( erythrocytes ) and the release of their contents ( cytoplasm ) into surrounding fluid ( e.g. blood plasma ) . 
Hermeneutics ::   hermeneutics ( ) is the theory and methodology of interpretation , especially the interpretation of biblical texts , wisdom literature , and philosophical texts . 
Fraga ::   fraga (; , ) is the major town of the " comarca " of bajo cinca ( ) in the province of huesca , aragon , spain . 
Acritarch ::   acritarchs are organic microfossils , present from approximately to the present . 
Leading-tone ::   in music theory , a leading - note ( also subsemitone , and called the leading-"tone " in the us ) is a note or pitch which resolves or " leads " to a note one semitone higher or lower , being a lower and upper leading - tone , respectively . 
Hummingbird ::   hummingbirds are birds from the americas that constitute the family trochilidae . 
Tödi ::   the tödi ( ) , is a mountain massif and with the mountain peak piz russein the highest mountain in the glarus alps and the highest summit in the canton of glarus , switzerland . 
Brine ::   brine is a high - concentration solution of salt ( usually sodium chloride ) in water . 
Opossum ::   the opossum ( ) is a marsupial of the order didelphimorphia ( ) endemic to the americas . 
Aphrodisiac ::   an aphrodisiac is a substance that increases libido when consumed . 
Sohonet ::   sohonet is a community - of - interest network for the television , film and media production community . 
Akhal-Teke ::   the akhal - teke ( or ; from turkmen " ahalteke " , ) is a horse breed from turkmenistan , where they are a national emblem . 
Valkyrie ::   in norse mythology , a valkyrie ( from old norse " valkyrja " " chooser of the slain " ) is one of a host of female figures who choose those who may die in battle and those who may live . 
Decapitation ::   decapitation is the complete separation of the head from the body . 
Thunderstorm ::   a thunderstorm , also known as an electrical storm , lightning storm , or thundershower , is a storm characterized by the presence of lightning and its acoustic effect on the earth 's atmosphere , known as thunder . 
Adrenochrome ::   adrenochrome is a chemical compound with the molecular formula chno produced by the oxidation of adrenaline ( epinephrine ) . 
Stadtholder ::   in the low countries , stadtholder ( , ) , is an office of steward , designated a medieval official and then a national leader . 
Flamethrower ::   a flamethrower is a mechanical incendiary device designed to project a long , controllable stream of fire . 
Enochian ::   enochian is a name often applied to an occult or angelic language recorded in the private journals of john dee and his colleague edward kelley in late 16th - century england . 
Schoenberg ::   schoenberg ( ) is a surname . 
Sécurité ::   when a marine radio transmission begins with the phrase " sécurité , sécurité , sécurité " (; french : " sécurité " ) , it means that what follows is important safety information . 
Clove ::   cloves are the aromatic flower buds of a tree in the family myrtaceae , syzygium aromaticum . 
Maui ::   the island of maui (; hawaiian : ) is the second - largest of the hawaiian islands at 727.2 square miles ( 1,883   km ) and is the 17th - largest island in the united states . 
Kauai ::   kauai or kauai (; ) is geologically the oldest of the main hawaiian islands . 
Appendicitis ::   appendicitis is inflammation of the appendix . 
Miletus ::   miletus (; ; hittite transcription " millawanda " or " milawata " ( exonyms ) ; ; ) was an ancient greek city on the western coast of anatolia , near the mouth of the maeander river in ancient caria . 
Niðavellir ::   in norse mythology , niðavellir ( anglicized as nidavellir , " dark fields " ) , also called myrkheim ( " myrkheimr " , o.n. compd . of " myrkr " - " darkness " + " heimr " - " home " : 
Gutka ::   gutka or guṭkha is a preparation of crushed areca nut , tobacco , catechu , paraffin wax , slaked lime and sweet or savory flavorings . 
Escalivada ::   escalivada ( ) , also sometimes transcribed in spanish as escalibada , is a traditional dish from catalonia , valencia , murcia and aragón of smoky grilled vegetables . 
Derbyshire ::   derbyshire ( or ; abbreviated derbys . or derbs . 
Hibernation ::   hibernation is a state of inactivity and metabolic depression in endotherms . 
QuarkXPress ::   quarkxpress is desktop publishing software for creating and editing complex page layouts in a wysiwyg ( what you see is what you get ) environment . 
Euterpe ::   in greek mythology , euterpe (; , , ; " rejoicing well " or " delight " from ancient greek εὖ ' well ' + τέρπειν " terpein " ' to please ' ) was one of the muses , the daughters of mnemosyne , fathered by zeus . 
Muses ::   the muses are the inspirational goddesses of literature , science , and the arts in greek mythology . 
Dordrecht ::   dordrecht ( ) , colloquially dordt , historically in english named dort , is a city and municipality in the western netherlands , located in the province of south holland . 
COMMAND.COM ::   command.com is the default command - line interpreter for dos , windows 95 , windows 98 and windows me . 
Senecio ::   senecio is a genus of the daisy family ( asteraceae ) that includes ragworts and groundsels . 
Astrochemistry ::   astrochemistry is the study of the abundance and reactions of molecules in the universe , and their interaction with radiation . 
Champs-Élysées ::   the avenue des champs - élysées ( ) is an avenue in the 8th arrondissement of paris , long and wide , running between the place de la concorde and the place charles de gaulle , where the arc de triomphe is located . 
Grenadier ::   a grenadier ( from french , derived from the word grenade ) was originally a specialized soldier , first established as a distinct role in the mid - to - late 17th century , for the throwing of grenades and sometimes assault operations . 
Cedilla ::   a cedilla ( ; from spanish ) , also known as cedilha ( from portuguese ) or cédille ( from french ) , is a hook or tail ( ¸ ) added under certain letters as a diacritical mark to modify their pronunciation . 
PagePlus ::   pageplus is a desktop publishing ( page layout ) program developed by serif for microsoft windows . 
Sylt ::   sylt (; ; söl'ring north frisian : " söl " ) is an island in northern germany , part of nordfriesland district , schleswig - holstein , and well known for the distinctive shape of its shoreline . 
Lymphoma ::   lymphoma is a group of blood cancers that develop from lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) . 
Vafþrúðnir ::   vafþrúðnir ( old norse " mighty weaver " ) is a wise jötunn in norse mythology . 
Remake ::   a remake is a film or television series that is based on an earlier work and tells the same , or a very similar , story . 
Moab ::   moab (; moabite : " mʾb " ; " muʾāb " ; ; " mōáb " ; assyrian " mu'aba " , " ma'ba " , " ma'ab " ; egyptian " mu'ab " ) is the historical name for a mountainous tract of land in jordan . 
Two-up ::   two - up is a traditional australian gambling game , involving a designated " spinner " throwing two coins or pennies into the air . 
Skírnismál ::   skírnismál ( " sayings of skírnir " ) is one of the poems of the " poetic edda " . 
C-HTML ::   c - html ( short for " compact hypertext markup language " ) , also called " i - mode - html " , is a subset of html for small information devices , such as first - generation smart phones and pdas , such as docomo 's i - mode mobile phones used in japan . 
Buckriders ::   the buckriders ( , ) , are a part of dutch folklore , ghosts or demons , who rode through the sky on the back of flying goats provided to them by satan . 
Ribavirin ::   ribavirin , also known as tribavirin , is an antiviral medication used to treat rsv infection , hepatitis c , and viral hemorrhagic fever . 
Cytomegalovirus ::   cytomegalovirus ( cmv ) ( from the greek " cyto- " , " cell " , and " megalo- " , " large " ) is a genus of viruses in the order herpesvirales , in the family ( 150 - 200 nm in diameter [ hiv virus 120 nm ] ) herpesviridae , in the subfamily betaherpesvirinae . 
Dinner ::   dinner usually refers to the most significant and important meal of the day , which can be the noon or the evening meal . 
Polygraph ::   a polygraph , popularly referred to as a lie detector , measures and records several physiological indices such as blood pressure , pulse , respiration , and skin conductivity while the subject is asked and answers a series of questions . 
Liguria ::   liguria ( , ) is a coastal region of north - western italy ; its capital is genoa . 
Image ::   an image ( from ) is an artifact that depicts visual perception , for example , a photo or a two - dimensional picture , that has a similar appearance to some subject — usually a physical object or a person , thus providing a depiction of it . 
Segovia ::   segovia (; ) is a city in the autonomous region of castile and león , spain , famous for its magnificent roman aqueduct and for its cathedral , one of the last gothic temples to be built in europe . 
Volksdeutsche ::   in terminology of nazi germany , volksdeutsche ( ) were " germans in terms of people or race " , regardless of citizenship . 
Hellraiser ::   hellraiser is a 1987 british horror film written and directed by clive barker , and produced by christopher figg , based on barker 's novella " the hellbound heart " . 
Fairmount ::   fairmount can refer to : 
BlackBerry ::   blackberry is a line of smartphones , tablets , and services originally designed and marketed by canadian company blackberry limited ( formerly known as research in motion limited ) . 
Westerwald ::   the westerwald (; literally ' western forest ' ) is a low mountain range on the right bank of the river rhine in the german federal states of rhineland - palatinate , hesse and north rhine - westphalia . 
C++ ::   c++ ( pronounced " cee plus plus " ) is a general - purpose programming language . 
Charvaka ::   charvaka ( iast : ' ) , originally known as ' and , is the ancient school of indian materialism . 
Salisbury ::   salisbury ( various pronunciations , but locally , ) is a cathedral city in wiltshire , england , and the only city within the county . 
Psychologist ::   a psychologist is a mental health professional who evaluates and studies behavior and mental processes in order to become a psychologist , a person often completes a graduate university degree in psychology , but in most jurisdictions , members of other behavioral professions ( such as counselors and psychiatrists ) can also evaluate , diagnose , treat , and study mental processes . 
Lokasenna ::   lokasenna ( " loki 's flyting , " " loki 's wrangling , " " loki 's quarrel " ) is one of the poems of the " poetic edda " . 
Gymir ::   in norse mythology , gymir was a giant whose daughter , gerðr , married the god freyr . 
Hlidskjalf ::   in norse mythology , hliðskjálf is the high seat of the god odin allowing him to see into all realms . 
Nothing ::   nothing is a concept denoting the absence of something , and is associated with nothingness . 
Ricimer ::   flavius ricimer ( ; c. 405 – august 18 , 472 ) was a romanized germanic general who effectively ruled the remaining territory of the western roman empire from 456 until his death in 472 . 
Luser ::   in internet slang , a luser ( sometimes expanded to local user ; also luzer or luzzer ) is a painfully annoying , stupid , or irritating computer user . 
Plywood ::   plywood is a sheet material manufactured from thin layers or " plies " of wood veneer that are glued together with adjacent layers having their wood grain rotated up to 90 degrees to one another . 
Krasnoyarsk ::   krasnoyarsk ( ) is a city and the administrative center of krasnoyarsk krai , russia , located on the yenisei river . 
Surname ::   a surname or family name is the portion of a personal name that indicates a person 's family ( or tribe or community , depending on the culture ) . 
Scarabaeidae ::   the family scarabaeidae as currently defined consists of over 30,000 species of beetles worldwide , often called scarabs or scarab beetles . 
Háttatal ::   the háttatal ( [ ˈhɒːtːaˌtʰal ] , , " conversation of meters " ; c. 20,000 words ) is the last section of the " prose edda " composed by the icelandic poet , politician , and historian snorri sturluson . 
Vanaheimr ::   in norse mythology , vanaheimr ( old norse for " home of the vanir " ) is one of the nine worlds and home of the vanir , a group of gods associated with fertility , wisdom , and the ability to see the future . 
Lebensraum ::   the german concept of lebensraum ( , ) refers to policies and practices of settler colonialism which proliferated in germany from the 1890s to the 1940s . 
Grendel ::   grendel is a being originated from the anglo - saxon epic poem " beowulf " ( ad 700–1000 ) , which is considered to be the oldest surviving poem in old english . 
Breton ::   breton usually refers to : breton may also refer to : 
Karōshi ::   , which can be translated literally as " overwork death " in japanese , is occupational sudden mortality . 
Onan ::   onan ( ) is a minor biblical person in the book of genesis chapter 38 , who was the second son of judah . 
Blackberry ::   the blackberry is an edible fruit produced by many species in the " rubus " genus in the rosaceae family , hybrids among these species within the " rubus " subgenus , and hybrids between the " rubus " and " idaeobatus " subgenera . 
Kohen ::   kohen or cohen ( or " kohain " ; , " priest " , pl . " kohanim " ) is the hebrew word for priest used colloquially in reference to the aaronic priesthood . 
Deventer ::   deventer ( ) is a dutch city and municipality in the salland region of the province of overijssel . 
Grenadine ::   grenadine is a commonly used , non - alcoholic bar syrup , characterized by a flavour that is both tart and sweet , and by a deep red colour . 
Muiderkring ::   in the golden age of the dutch republic , roughly equivalent to the later half of the 17th century , the muiderkring was the name given to a group of figures in the arts and sciences who regularly met at the castle of muiden near amsterdam . 
Visayas ::   the visayas or the visayan islands ( visayan : " kabisay - an " , ; , ) , is one of the three principal geographical divisions of the philippines , along with luzon and mindanao . 
Do-Aklin ::   do - aklin or gangnihessou ( ganye hessou ) or dogbari is claimed as the founder of the fon kingdom of dahomey in present - day benin and the first person in the royal lineage of the kings of dahomey ( the aladaxonou dynasty ) . 
Dakodonou ::   dakodonou or " dakodonu " or " dako donu " was an early king of the kingdom of dahomey , in present - day benin , ruling from around 1620 until 1645 . 
Houegbadja ::   houegbadja or wegbaja or aho was a king in the kingdom of dahomey , in present - day benin , from around 1645 until 1685 . 
Agaja ::   agaja ( also spelled agadja and also known as trudo agaja or trudo audati ) was a king of the kingdom of dahomey , in present - day benin , who ruled from 1718 until 1740 . 
Tegbessou ::   tegbessou ( alternatively tegbesu ) or bossa ahadee was a king of the kingdom of dahomey , in present - day benin , from 1740 until 1774 . 
Kpengla ::   kpengla was a king of the kingdom of dahomey , in present - day benin , from 1774 until 1789 . 
Agonglo ::   agonglo was a king of the kingdom of dahomey , in present - day benin , from 1789 until 1797 . 
Adandozan ::   adandozan was a king of the kingdom of dahomey , in present - day benin , from 1797 until 1818 . 
Ghezo ::   ghezo or gezo was king of the dahomey , in present - day benin , from 1818 until 1858 . 
Glele ::   glele or badohou ( died 1889 ) was the tenth king of dahomey , ruling from 1858 until his death . 
Béhanzin ::   béhanzin ( 1844 – december 10 , 1906 ) is considered the eleventh ( if adandozan is not counted ) king of dahomey , modern - day benin . 
Agoli-agbo ::   agoli - agbo is considered to have been the twelfth and final king of dahomey . 
Tributary ::   a tributary or affluent is a stream or river that flows into a larger stream or main stem ( or parent ) river or a lake . 
Distributary ::   a distributary , or a distributary channel , is a stream that branches off and flows away from a main stream channel . 
Abomey ::   abomey is a city in the zou department of benin . 
Hygelac ::   hygelac (; ; ; ; died 521 ) was a king of the geats according to the poem " beowulf " . 
Peta- ::   peta is a decimal unit prefix in the metric system denoting multiplication by 10 ( ) . 
Patriot ::   a patriot is someone who feels a strong support for their country . 
Joab ::   joab ( hebrew " yo'av " yôʼāḇ ) the son of zeruiah , was the nephew of king david and the commander of his army , according to the hebrew bible . 
Arminius ::   arminius ( german : " hermann " ; 18/17 bc – ad 21 ) was a chieftain of the germanic cherusci tribe who famously led an allied coalition of germanic tribes to a decisive victory against three roman legions in the battle of the teutoburg forest in 9 ad . 
Weathering ::   weathering is the breaking down of rocks , soil , and minerals as well as wood and artificial materials through contact with the earth 's atmosphere , waters , and biological organisms . 
Polyomino ::   a polyomino is a plane geometric figure formed by joining one or more equal squares edge to edge . 
Commensalism ::   commensalism , in ecology , is a class of relationships between two organisms where one organism benefits from the other without affecting it . 
Hebei ::   hebei (; postal : hopeh ) is a province of china in the north china region . 
Ectosymbiosis ::   ectosymbiosis is symbiosis in which the symbiont lives on the body surface of the host , including internal surfaces such as the lining of the digestive tube and the ducts of glands . 
Iconicity ::   in functional - cognitive linguistics , as well as in semiotics , iconicity is the conceived similarity or analogy between the form of a sign ( linguistic or otherwise ) and its meaning , as opposed to arbitrariness . 
Metonymy ::   metonymy ( ) is a figure of speech in which a thing or concept is referred to by the name of something closely associated with that thing or concept . 
Categorization ::   categorization is the process in which ideas and objects are recognized , differentiated , and understood . 
Prototype ::   a prototype is an early sample , model , or release of a product built to test a concept or process or to act as a thing to be replicated or learned from . 
Cusco ::   cusco ( , ; , ) , often spelled cuzco ( ) , is a city in southeastern peru , near the urubamba valley of the andes mountain range . 
Kumbakonam ::   kumbakonam , also spelt as coombaconum or combaconum in the records of british india , is a town and a special grade municipality in the thanjavur district in the southeast indian state of tamil nadu . 
Croesus ::   croesus ( ; , " kroisos " ; 595 bc   – c. 546 bc ) was the king of lydia who , according to herodotus , reigned for 14 years : from 560 bc until his defeat by the persian king cyrus the great in 546 bc ( sometimes given as 547 bc ) . 
Prosthesis ::   in medicine , a " prosthesis " ( plural : prostheses ; from ancient greek " prosthesis " , " addition , application , attachment " ) is an artificial device that replaces a missing body part , which may be lost through trauma , disease , or congenital conditions . 
Claw ::   a claw is a curved , pointed appendage , found at the end of a toe or finger in most amniotes ( mammals , reptiles , birds ) . 
Samara ::   samara ( ) , known from 1935 to 1991 as kuybyshev (; ) , is the sixth largest city in russia and the administrative center of samara oblast . 
Goofy ::   goofy is a funny - animal cartoon character created in 1932 at walt disney productions . 
Bundaberg ::   bundaberg is a city in bundaberg region , queensland , australia . 
Veii ::   veii ( also veius , ) was an important ancient etruscan city situated on the southern limits of etruria and only north - northwest of rome , italy . 
Etruria ::   etruria (; usually referred to in greek and latin source texts as tyrrhenia ) was a region of central italy , located in an area that covered part of what are now tuscany , lazio , and umbria . 
Saverne ::   saverne ( , ; alsatian : " zàwere " ; ( german : ) ) is a commune in the bas - rhin department in grand est in north - eastern france . 
Zabrze ::   zabrze ( english : ) ( german : 1915–1945 : " hindenburg o.s. " , full form : " hindenburg in oberschlesien " , 1905–1915 : " zabrze " , silesian : " zobrze " ) is a city in silesia in southern poland , near katowice . 
Odometer ::   an odometer or odograph is an instrument for measuring the distance travelled by a vehicle , such as a bicycle or car . 
Canvas ::   canvas is an extremely durable plain - woven fabric used for making sails , tents , marquees , backpacks , and other items for which sturdiness is required . 
Sundial ::   a sundial is a device that tells the time of day by the apparent position of the sun in the sky . 
Millimetre ::   the millimetre ( international spelling as used by the international bureau of weights and measures ; si unit symbol mm ) or millimeter ( american spelling ) is a unit of length in the metric system , equal to one thousandth of a metre , which is the si base unit of length . 
Diptych ::   a diptych (; from the greek δίπτυχον , " di " " two " + " ptychē " " fold " ) is any object with two flat plates attached at a hinge . 
Cumbria ::   cumbria ( ; locally ) is a ceremonial and non - metropolitan county in north west england . 
Die ::   die as a verb refers to death , the cessation of life . 
VDU ::   vdu may stand for : 
U-28 ::   u-28 or u - xxviii mar refer to : 
Bærum ::   bærum ( ) is a municipality in akershus county , norway . 
Hurling ::   hurling ( , ' ) is an outdoor team game of ancient gaelic and irish origin and is the fastest field sport in the world . 
Shinty ::   shinty ( ) is a team game played with sticks and a ball . 
Camogie ::   camogie (; ) is an irish stick - and - ball team sport played by women ; it is almost identical to the game of hurling played by men . 
Seigniorage ::   seigniorage , also spelled seignorage or seigneurage ( from old french " seigneuriage " " right of the lord ( " seigneur " ) to mint money " ) , is the difference between the value of money and the cost to produce and distribute it . 
Infant ::   an infant ( from the latin word " infans " , meaning " unable to speak " or " speechless " ) is the more formal or specialised synonym for " baby " , the very young offspring of a human . 
Longchenpa ::   longchen rabjampa , drimé özer ( wylie : " klong chen rab ' byams pa dri med ' od zer " ) , commonly abbreviated to longchenpa ( 1308–1364 ) , was a major teacher in the nyingma school of tibetan buddhism . 
Shantideva ::   shantideva ( sanskrit : śāntideva ; ; ; ; ) was an 8th - century indian buddhist monk and scholar at nalanda . 
Guadalajara ::   guadalajara ( , ) is the capital and largest city of the mexican state of jalisco , and the seat of the municipality of guadalajara . 
Sanctuary ::   a sanctuary , in its original meaning , is a sacred place , such as a shrine . 
Parakeet ::   a parakeet is any one of a large number of small to medium - sized species of parrot , in multiple genera , that generally have long tail feathers . 
Scheldt ::   the scheldt ( , , , ) is a long river in northern france , western belgium and the southwestern part of the netherlands . 
Post-surrealism ::   post - surrealism is a movement that arose in southern california in 1934 when helen lundeberg and lorser feitelson wrote a manifesto explaining their desire to use art to convey the relationship between the perceptual and the conceptual . 
Avalanche ::   an avalanche ( also called a snowslide ) is a rapid flow of snow down a sloping surface . 
Solenostemon ::   solenostemon , commonly known as " coleus " is a genus of flowering plants in the family lamiaceae . 
Terneuzen ::   terneuzen ( ) is a city and municipality in the southwestern netherlands , in the province of zeeland , in the middle of zeelandic flanders . 
EPROM ::   an eprom ( rarely erom ) , or erasable programmable read - only memory , is a type of memory chip that retains its data when its power supply is switched off . 
Benevento ::   benevento ( ) is a city and " comune " of campania , italy , capital of the province of benevento , northeast of naples . 
Calendula ::   calendula ( ) , is a genus of about 15–20 species of annual and perennial herbaceous plants in the daisy family asteraceae that are often known as marigolds . 
Fernandel ::   fernand joseph désiré contandin ( 8 may 1903 – 26 february 1971 ) , better known as fernandel , was a french actor and singer . 
Callista ::   callista , also spelled as calista , callistee , kallista , kalista or kallistee , comes from the greek for " most beautiful ( feminine ) " ( καλλίστη – " kallístē " ) . 
Oola ::   oola ( , ; or " " , , from the drumlins ) is a village in county limerick , and the province of munster , ireland , near limerick in the midwest of the country . 
Montpellier ::   montpellier (; ) is a city in southern france . 
Malvasia ::   malvasia ( , also known as malvazia ) is a group of wine grape varieties grown historically in the mediterranean region , balearic islands , canary islands and the island of madeira , but now grown in many of the winemaking regions of the world . 
Mercenary ::   a mercenary is a person who takes part in an armed conflict who is not a national or party to the conflict and is " motivated to take part in the hostilities by desire for private gain " . 
Gideon ::   gideon or gedeon ( ) , also named jerubbaal ( ) and jerubbesheth , was a military leader , judge and prophet whose calling and victory over the midianites are recounted in chapters 6 to 8 of the book of judges in the hebrew bible . 
Baphetidae ::   baphetidae is an extinct family of early tetrapods . 
Vernation ::   vernation ( from " vernal " meaning " spring " , since that is when leaves spring forth in temperate regions ) is the formation of new leaves or fronds . 
Lilium ::   lilium ( members of which are true lilies ) is a genus of herbaceous flowering plants growing from bulbs , all with large prominent flowers . 
Mangrove ::   a mangrove is a shrub or small tree that grows in coastal saline or brackish water . 
Cinderella ::   cinderella ( , , ) , or the little glass slipper , is a folk tale embodying a myth - element of unjust oppression and triumphant reward . 
Yupik ::   the yupik ( ) are a group of indigenous or aboriginal peoples of western , southwestern , and southcentral alaska and the russian far east . 
Yucca ::   yucca is a genus of perennial shrubs and trees in the family asparagaceae , subfamily agavoideae . 
Freaks ::   freaks is a 1932 american mgm pre - code horror film produced and directed by tod browning . 
Baedeker ::   verlag karl baedeker , founded by karl baedeker on july 1 , 1827 , is a german publisher and pioneer in the business of worldwide travel guides . 
Totila ::   totila , original name baduila ( died july 1 , 552 ) was the penultimate king of the ostrogoths , reigning from 541 to 552 ad . 
Assen ::   assen ( ) is a municipality and a city in the northeastern netherlands , and is the capital of the province of drenthe . 
Cliffhanger ::   a cliffhanger , or cliffhanger ending , is a plot device in fiction which features a main character in a precarious or difficult dilemma , or confronted with a shocking revelation at the end of an episode of serialized fiction . 
Slayer ::   slayer is an american heavy metal band from huntington park , california , formed in 1981 by guitarists kerry king and jeff hanneman . 
Eixample ::   the eixample ( , catalan for ' expansion ' or ' expansion district ' ) is a district of barcelona between the old city ( ciutat vella ) and what were once surrounding small towns ( sants , gràcia , sant andreu etc . ) , constructed in the 19th and early 20th centuries . 
Toxoplasmosis ::   toxoplasmosis is a parasitic disease caused by " toxoplasma gondii " . 
Exocytosis ::   exocytosis ( ) is a form of active transport in which a cell transports molecules ( such as proteins ) out of the cell ( " exo- " + " cytosis " ) by expelling them in an energy - using process . 
Fagaceae ::   fagaceae is a family of flowering plants that includes beeches and oaks , and comprises eight genera with about 927 species . 
Kreator ::   kreator is a german thrash metal band from essen , formed in 1982 . 
Elision ::   in linguistics , an elision or deletion is the omission of one or more sounds ( such as a vowel , a consonant , or a whole syllable ) in a word or phrase . 
Astrolabe ::   an astrolabe ( " astrolabos " ; " al - asturlāb " ) is an elaborate inclinometer , historically used by astronomers and navigators to measure the inclined position in the sky of a celestial body , day or night . 
Wismar ::   wismar ( ) is a port and hanseatic city in northern germany on the baltic sea , in the state of mecklenburg - vorpommern . 
Osnabrück ::   osnabrück (; ; archaic ) is a city in the federal state of lower - saxony in north - west germany . 
Nephites ::   the nephites ( ) are one of many groups ( including the lamanites , jaredites , and mulekites ) to be mentioned in the book of mormon to be settled in the ancient americas . 
Heraklonas ::   constantine heraclius ( , latin : " flavius constantinus heraclius ( heraclianus ) augustus " ; 626–641 ) , commonly known by the diminutive heraklonas or herakleonas ( ) , or rarely , heraclius ii , was the son of heraclius and his niece martina , and was byzantine emperor briefly between february and september 641 . 
Sozopol ::   sozopol ( , " sozopolis " ) is an ancient seaside town located 35   km south of burgas on the southern bulgarian black sea coast . 
Subtraction ::   subtraction is a mathematical operation that represents the operation of removing objects from a collection . 
Poutine ::   poutine (; ) is a québécois dish originally made with french fries and cheese curds topped with a brown gravy . 
Picinae ::   woodpeckers are near passerine birds of the order piciformes . 
Grub ::   grub can refer to : 
Sitar ::   the sitar ( or ; urdu : ) is a plucked stringed instrument used in hindustani classical music . 
Connacht ::   connacht or connaught ( or " cúige chonnacht " ) is one of the provinces of ireland , situated in the west of the country . 
Stork ::   storks are large , long - legged , long - necked wading birds with long , stout bills . 
Leinster ::   leinster ( — — ) is one of the provinces of ireland situated in the east of ireland . 
Locust ::   locusts are certain species of short - horned grasshoppers in the family acrididae that have a swarming phase . 
Presbyter ::   presbyter ( greek πρεσβύτερος : " elder " ) in the new testament refers to a leader in local christian congregations , with presbyter being from the greek " " presbyteros " " and meaning elder / senior . 
Canard ::   canard is french for duck , a type of aquatic bird . 
Tailplane ::   a tailplane , also known as a horizontal stabiliser , is a small lifting surface located on the tail ( empennage ) behind the main lifting surfaces of a fixed - wing aircraft as well as other non - fixed - wing aircraft such as helicopters and gyroplanes . 
Anaphylaxis ::   anaphylaxis is a serious allergic reaction that is rapid in onset and may cause death . 
Pac-Man ::   , stylized as pac - man , is an arcade game developed by namco and first released in japan in may 1980 . 
Gungnir ::   in norse mythology , gungnir ( old norse " swaying one " ) is the spear of the god odin . 
Numerian ::   numerian (; died 20 november 284 ) was roman emperor from 283 to 284 with his older brother carinus . 
Steer ::   steer , steers or steering may mean : 
Xiongnu ::   the xiongnu ( ) , were a confederation of nomadic peoples who , according to ancient chinese sources , inhabited the eastern asian steppe from the 3rd century bc to the late 1st century ad . 
Fotheringhay ::   fotheringhay is a village and civil parish in northamptonshire , england , north - east of oundle and around west of peterborough . 
Ameland ::   ameland (; west frisian : it amelân ) is a municipality and one of the west frisian islands off the north coast of the netherlands . 
Chinon ::   chinon ( ) is a commune located in the indre - et - loire department in the region centre , france . 
Sainte-Chapelle ::   the sainte - chapelle ( , holy chapel ) is a royal chapel in the gothic style , within the medieval palais de la cité , the residence of the kings of france until the 14th century , on the île de la cité in the heart of paris , france . 
Ms. ::   " ms " or " ms. " ( normally , but also , or when unstressed ) is an english honorific used with the last name or full name of a woman , intended as a default form of address for women regardless of their marital status . 
Hoosiers ::   hoosiers is a 1986 sports film written by angelo pizzo and directed by david anspaugh . 
Saumur ::   saumur ( ) is a commune in the maine - et - loire department in western france . 
Chewco ::   chewco investments l. p. , was a limited partnership associated with the enron scandal , which resulted in the bankruptcy of enron . 
Daria ::   daria is an american animated sitcom created by glenn eichler and susie lewis lynn for mtv . 
Prefecture ::   a prefecture ( from the latin " praefectura " ) is an administrative jurisdiction or subdivision in any of various countries and within some international church structures , and in antiquity a roman district governed by an appointed prefect . 
Fucanglong ::   in chinese mythology the fucanglong ( ) or fu - ts'ang - lung ( wade - giles ) is the chinese underworld dragon which guard buried treasures , both natural and man - made . 
Pomegranate ::   the pomegranate ( " punica granatum " ) is a fruit - bearing deciduous shrub or small tree in the family lythraceae that grows between tall . 
Dermatology ::   dermatology ( from ancient greek δέρμα , " derma " which means skin and λογία , " logia ) " is the branch of medicine dealing with the skin , nails , hair and its diseases . 
Acne ::   acne , also known as acne vulgaris , is a long - term skin disease that occurs when hair follicles are clogged with dead skin cells and oil from the skin . 
Freedb ::   freedb is a database of compact disc track listings , where all the content is under the gnu general public license . 
Crippleware ::   crippleware has been defined in realms of both software and hardware . 
Caria ::   caria (; from greek : καρία , " karia " , ) was a region of western anatolia extending along the coast from mid - ionia ( mycale ) south to lycia and east to phrygia . 
Reus ::   reus ( ) is the capital of baix camp , in the province of tarragona , in catalonia , spain . 
Osteopathy ::   osteopathy is a type of alternative medicine and pseudomedicine that emphasizes massage and other physical manipulation of muscle tissue and bones . 
Bydgoszcz ::   bydgoszcz ( , , ) is a city in northern poland , on the brda and vistula rivers . 
Lublin ::   lublin (; ; ) is the ninth largest city in poland and the second largest city of lesser poland . 
Częstochowa ::   częstochowa , , is a city in southern poland on the warta river with 240,027 inhabitants as of june 2009 . 
Sosnowiec ::   sosnowiec ( ) is an industrial city county in southern poland , which is also part of the silesian metropolis municipal association . 
Radom ::   radom (; " rodem " ) is a city in east - central poland with 219,703 inhabitants ( 2013 ) . 
Kielce ::   kielce (; , " keltz " ) is a city in south central poland with 199,475 inhabitants . 
Gliwice ::   gliwice ( ) is a city in upper silesia , southern poland , near katowice . 
Bytom ::   bytom ( ; silesian : " bytůń " , ) is a city in silesia in southern poland , near katowice . 
Bielsko-Biała ::   bielsko - biała (; ) is a city in southern poland with the population of approximately 174,000 ( december 2013 ) . 
Rzeszów ::   rzeszów ( , ; , " ŕašiv " ; ( antiquated ) , ; , " rayshe " ) is the largest city in southeastern poland , with a population of 187,208 ( 2016 ) . 
Rybnik ::   rybnik ( german : " rybnick " ) is a city in southwestern poland , in the silesian voivodeship . 
Wałbrzych ::   wałbrzych ( german : " waldenburg " ; lower silesian : " walmbrig " or " walmbrich " ; or " valdenburk " ) is a city in lower silesian voivodeship in southwestern poland . 
Tychy ::   tychy ( former ) is a city in silesia , poland , approximately south of katowice . 
Płock ::   płock ( ) is a city on the vistula river in central poland . 
Opole ::   opole ( , silesian german : " uppeln " , , ) is a city located in southern poland on the oder river ( odra ) . 
Chorzów ::   chorzów ( ; ) is a city in silesia in southern poland , near katowice . 
Tarnów ::   tarnów (; ; , " ") is a city in southeastern poland with 115,341 inhabitants as of june 2009 ( metro area 269,000 inhabitants ) . 
Koszalin ::   koszalin (; ; ) is a city in western pomerania in north - western poland . 
Kalisz ::   kalisz (; old greek : " καλισία " , latin : " calisia " , yiddish : " קאַליש " , ) is a city in central poland with 103,738 inhabitants ( june 2014 ) , the capital city of the kalisz region . 
Mahón ::   maó - mahón , sometimes written in english as mahon ( ) ( , ) is a municipality , the capital city of the island of menorca , and seat of the . 
Galerius ::   galerius (; ; c. 260 – april or may 311 ) was roman emperor from 305 to 311 . 
Aileron ::   an aileron ( french for ' little wing ' or ' fin ' ) is a hinged flight control surface usually forming part of the trailing edge of each wing of a fixed - wing aircraft . 
Grudziądz ::   grudziądz ( , or " " or " grudentia " ) is a city of around 96,042 inhabitants ( 2010 ) on the vistula river in northern poland . 
Słupsk ::   słupsk (; also known by several alternative names ) is a city in the pomeranian voivodeship , in northern poland , with a population of 98,757 . 
Jastrzębie-Zdrój ::   jastrzębie - zdrój (; , originally " jastrzemb " , ) is a city in south poland with 92,462 inhabitants ( 31.12.2010 ) . 
Licinius ::   licinius i (; 
Gratian ::   gratian (; ; 18 april/23 may 359 – 25 august 383 ) was roman emperor from 367 to 383 . 
Knesset ::   the knesset ( ; lit . " the gathering " or " assembly " ; " ") is the unicameral national legislature of israel . 
Veto ::   a veto – latin for " i forbid " – is the power ( used by an officer of the state , for example ) to unilaterally stop an official action , especially the enactment of legislation . 
Telemachus ::   telemachus ( ; , " tēlemakhos " , literally " far - fighter " ) is a figure in greek mythology , the son of odysseus and penelope , and a central character in homer 's " odyssey " . 
Playoffs ::   the playoffs , play - offs , postseason and/or finals of a sports league are a competition played after the regular season by the top competitors to determine the league champion or a similar accolade . 
Hrungnir ::   hrungnir ( old norse " brawler " ) was a jötunn in norse mythology , slain by the god thor with his hammer mjölnir . 
Equestrianism ::   equestrianism ( from latin equester , equestr- , equus , " horseman " , " horse " ) , more often known as riding , horse riding ( british english ) or horseback riding ( american english ) , refers to the skill of riding , driving , steeplechasing or vaulting with horses . 
Julia ::   julia is usually a woman 's given name . 
Chymotrypsinogen ::   chymotrypsinogen is a proteolytic enzyme and a precursor ( zymogen ) of the digestive enzyme chymotrypsin . 
Veghel ::   veghel ( ) is a town and a former municipality in the southern netherlands . 
Glaucoma ::   glaucoma is a group of eye diseases which result in damage to the optic nerve and vision loss . 
Livia ::   livia drusilla ( classical latin : , ) ( 30 january 58 bc – 28 september 29 ad ) , also known as julia augusta after her formal adoption into the julian family in ad 14 , was the wife of the roman emperor augustus throughout his reign , as well as his adviser . 
Torus ::   in geometry , a torus ( plural tori ) is a surface of revolution generated by revolving a circle in three - dimensional space about an axis coplanar with the circle . 
Doughnut ::   a doughnut or donut ( both : or ; see spelling differences ) is a type of fried dough confectionery or dessert food . 
Carantania ::   carantania , also known as carentania ( , , in old slavic " ") , was a slavic principality that emerged in the second half of the 7th century , in the territory of present - day southern austria and north - eastern slovenia . 
Pupil ::   the pupil is a hole located in the center of the iris of the eye that allows light to strike the retina . 
Bideford ::   bideford is a historic port town on the estuary of the river torridge in north devon , south - west england . 
Glasses ::   glasses , also known as eyeglasses or spectacles , are devices consisting of glass or hard plastic lenses mounted in a frame that holds them in front of a person 's eyes , typically using a bridge over the nose and arms which rest over the ears . 
Geographer ::   a geographer is a scholar whose area of study is geography , the study of earth 's natural environment and human society . 
Masque ::   the masque was a form of festive courtly entertainment that flourished in 16th- and early 17th - century europe , though it was developed earlier in italy , in forms including the intermedio ( a public version of the masque was the pageant ) . 
Manhatta ::   manhatta ( 1921 ) is a short documentary film directed by painter charles sheeler and photographer paul strand . 
Or ::   or is a grammatical conjunction in english . 
Modesta ::   modesta is a 1956 short film , set in puerto rico , in which a peasant woman rebels against her husband 's authoritarianism . 
Miramax ::   miramax ( also known as miramax films ) is an american entertainment company known for producing and distributing films and television shows . 
Coelom ::   the coelom is the main body cavity in most animals and is positioned inside the body to surround and contain the digestive tract and other organs . 
Paramedic ::   a paramedic is a healthcare professional , predominantly in the pre - hospital and out - of - hospital environment , and working mainly as part of emergency medical services ( ems ) , such as on an ambulance . 
Zagazig ::   zagazig ( " "    , ) is a city in lower egypt . 
Scrappy-Doo ::   scrappy - doo is a fictional great dane puppy created by hanna - barbera productions in 1979 , with the catchphrases , " scrappy dappy doo " , " lemme at ' em ! " and " puppy power ! " . 
Circumnavigation ::   circumnavigation means to travel all the way around the entire planet , or an island , or continent . 
Aeroelasticity ::   aero elasticity is the branch of physics and engineering that studies the interactions between the inertial , elastic , and aerodynamic forces that occur when an elastic body is exposed to a fluid flow . 
Brutus ::   brutus is a " cognomen " of the roman " gens junia " , a prominent family of the roman republic . 
Hummus ::   hummus ( , , or ; , full arabic name : hummus bi tahini ) is a levantine dip or spread made from cooked , mashed chickpeas or other beans , blended with tahini , olive oil , lemon juice , salt and garlic . 
Britannicus ::   tiberius claudius caesar britannicus ( ca . 
Haloalkane ::   the haloalkanes ( also known as halogenoalkanes or alkyl halides ) are a group of chemical compounds derived from alkanes containing one or more halogens . 
Maximian ::   maximian (; c. 250 – c. july 310 ) was roman emperor from 286 to 305 . 
Phocomelia ::   phocomelia is a condition that involves malformations of the arms and legs . 
Caesarion ::   ptolemy xv philopator philometor caesar ( , " ptolemaĩos philopátōr philomḗtōr kaĩsar " ≈ ptolemy , beloved of his father , beloved of his mother , caesar ; june 23 , 47 bc – august 23 , 30 bc ) , better known by the nicknames caesarion (; καισαρίων , " kaisaríōn " ≈ little caesar ; ) and ptolemy caesar (; , " ptolemaios kaisar " ; ) , was the last pharaoh of egypt . 
Bovinae ::   the biological subfamily bovinae includes a diverse group of 10 genera of medium to large - sized ungulates , including domestic cattle , bison , african buffalo , the water buffalo , the yak , and the four - horned and spiral - horned antelopes . 
Branford ::   branford can refer to : 
Monoplane ::   a monoplane is a fixed - wing aircraft with a single main wing plane , in contrast to a biplane or other multiplane , each of which has multiple planes . 
Jeremiah ::   jeremiah (; , modern : '    , tiberian : ' ; ; " " meaning " yah exalts " ) , also called the " weeping prophet " , was one of the major prophets of the hebrew bible ( old testament ) . 
Decius ::   trajan decius (; c. 201june 251 ) was roman emperor from 249 to 251 . 
Majorian ::   flavius julius valerius majorianus ( c. ad 420 – august 7 , 461 ) , usually known simply as majorian , was the western roman emperor from 457 to 461 . 
Lubin ::   lubin , ( ) is a town in lower silesian voivodeship in south - western poland . 
Cadmus ::   in greek mythology , cadmus ; " kadmos " ) , was the founder and first king of thebes . 
Rhadamanthus ::   in greek mythology , rhadamanthus ( ) or rhadamanthys ( ) was a wise king of crete . 
Chenonceaux ::   chenonceaux ( ) is a commune in the indre - et - loire department in central france . 
Bos ::   bos ( from latin " bōs : cow , ox , bull " ) is the genus of wild and domestic cattle . 
Walcheren ::   originally , walcheren was an island , but polders and a dam across the oosterschelde have connected it to the ( former ) island of zuid - beveland , which in turn has been connected to the north brabant mainland . 
Flatland ::   flatland : a romance of many dimensions is a satirical novella by the english schoolmaster edwin abbott abbott , first published in 1884 by seeley & co. of london . 
Spaceballs ::   spaceballs is a 1987 american comic science fiction film co - written , produced and directed by mel brooks . 
LINC ::   the linc ( laboratory instrument computer ) is a 12-bit , 2048-word computer . 
Theodoric ::   theodoric is a widespread germanic given name . 
Thelypteridaceae ::   thelypteridaceae is a family of about 900 species of ferns in the eupolypods ii clade of the order polypodiales , in the class polypodiopsida . 
Phegopteris ::   phegopteris is a genus of ferns known collectively as the beech ferns . 
Mindelo ::   mindelo ( cape verdean creole : " mindel’ " ) is a port city in the northern part of the island of são vicente in cape verde . 
Huron ::   huron refers to the wyandot ( or wendat ) indigenous people of north america , who were native allies to the french during the french and indian war , and to the wyandot language . 
Dōgen ::   dōgen zenji ( 道元禅師 ; 19 january 1200   – 22 september 1253 ) , also known as dōgen kigen ( 道元希玄 ) , eihei dōgen ( 永平道元 ) , koso joyo daishi ( 高祖承陽大師 ) , or bussho dento kokushi ( 仏性伝東国師 ) , was a japanese buddhist priest , writer , poet , philosopher , and founder of the sōtō school of zen in japan . 
Jasper ::   jasper , an aggregate of microgranular quartz and/or chalcedony and other mineral phases , is an opaque , impure variety of silica , usually red , yellow , brown or green in color ; and rarely blue . 
Court ::   a court is a tribunal , often as a government institution , with the authority to adjudicate legal disputes between parties and carry out the administration of justice in civil , criminal , and administrative matters in accordance with the rule of law . 
Graphology ::   graphology ( or graphoanalysis , but not " graphanalysis " ) is the analysis of the physical characteristics and patterns of handwriting purporting to be able to identify the writer , indicating psychological state at the time of writing , or evaluating personality characteristics . 
Mauretania ::   mauretania ( also spelled " mauritania " ) is the latin name for an area in the ancient maghreb ( tamazgha ) . 
Cyrenaica ::   cyrenaica ( ; " kyrēnaïkḗ " , after the city of cyrene ; " ") is the eastern coastal region of libya . 
Numidia ::   numidia ( 202 bc – 40 bc , berber : inumiden ) was an ancient berber kingdom of the numidians , located in what is now algeria and a smaller part of tunisia and libya in the berber world , in north africa . 
Cilicia ::   in antiquity , cilicia ( ) was the south coastal region of asia minor and existed as a political entity from hittite times into the armenian kingdom of cilicia during the late byzantine empire . 
Ideology ::   ideology is a comprehensive set of normative beliefs , conscious and unconscious ideas , that an individual , group or society has . 
Ricinus ::   ricinus communis , the castorbean or castor - oil - plant , is a species of perennial flowering plant in the spurge family , euphorbiaceae . 
Porridge ::   porridge ( also spelled porage , porrige , parritch ) is a dish made by boiling ground , crushed , or chopped starchy plants — typically grain — in water or milk . 
Arbroath ::   arbroath or aberbrothock ( ) is a former royal burgh and the largest town in the council area of angus in scotland , and has a population of 23,902 . 
Níðhöggr ::   in norse mythology , níðhöggr ( " malice striker " , traditionally also spelled níðhǫggr , often anglicized nidhogg ) is a dragon / serpent who gnaws at a root of the world tree , yggdrasil . 
Sauna ::   a sauna ( or ; ) , or sudatory , is a small room or building designed as a place to experience dry or wet heat sessions , or an establishment with one or more of these facilities . 
Lituus ::   the word lituus originally meant a curved augural staff , or a curved war - trumpet in the ancient latin language . 
Hyperthermia ::   hyperthermia is elevated body temperature due to failed thermoregulation that occurs when a body produces or absorbs more heat than it dissipates . 
Testimony ::   in law and in religion , testimony is a solemn attestation as to the truth of a matter . 
EGA ::   ega may stand for 
Conciergerie ::   the conciergerie ( ) is a building in paris , france , located on the west of the île de la cité ( literally " island of the city " ) , formerly a prison but presently used mostly for law courts . 
Aprilia ::   aprilia is an italian motorcycle company , one of the marques owned by piaggio . 
Palenque ::   palenque (; yucatec maya : bàakʼ ) , also anciently known as lakamha ( literally : " big water " ) , was a maya city state in southern mexico that flourished in the 7th century . 
Kuro5hin ::   kuro5hin ( k5 ) ( ) was a collaborative discussion website founded by rusty foster in 1999 . 
Pictionary ::   pictionary ( , ) is a charades - inspired guessing word game invented by robert angel with graphic design by gary everson and first published in 1985 by angel games inc. hasbro purchased the rights in 1994 after acquiring the games business of western publishing before eventually selling the rights to mattel . 
Synod ::   a synod historically is a council of a church , usually convened to decide an issue of doctrine , administration or application . 
Consistency ::   in classical deductive logic , a consistent theory is one that does not contain a contradiction . 
Contradiction ::   in classical logic , a contradiction consists of a logical incompatibility between two or more propositions . 
Cartomancy ::   cartomancy is fortune - telling or divination using a deck of cards . 
Orléans ::   orléans (; ) is a city in north - central france , about southwest of paris . 
Oa ::   oa is a fictional planet that lies at the center of the dc comics universe . 
Hippias ::   hippias of elis (; ; late 5th century bc ) was a greek sophist , and a contemporary of socrates . 
Pen ::   a pen ( latin : " penna " , feather ) is a writing instrument used to apply ink to a surface , usually paper , for writing or drawing . 
Aquileia ::   aquileia (; ; , venetian : aquiłeja / aquiłegia , , ) is an ancient roman city in italy , at the head of the adriatic at the edge of the lagoons , about from the sea , on the river natiso ( modern natisone ) , the course of which has changed somewhat since roman times . 
Iapydes ::   the iapydes ( or iapodes , japodes ; ) were an ancient people who dwelt north of and inland from the liburnians , off the adriatic coast and eastwards of the istrian peninsula . 
Capua ::   capua is a city and " comune " in the province of caserta , campania , southern italy , situated north of naples , on the northeastern edge of the campanian plain . 
Lempel–Ziv–Welch ::   lempel – ziv – welch ( lzw ) is a universal lossless data compression algorithm created by abraham lempel , jacob ziv , and terry welch . 
DEFLATE ::   in computing , deflate is a lossless data compression algorithm and associated file format that uses a combination of the lz77 algorithm and huffman coding . 
Sisyphus ::   in greek mythology sisyphus or sisyphos (; , ' ) was the king of ephyra ( now known as corinth ) . 
Moesia ::   moesia ( , , or ; latin : " moesia " ; , " moisía " ) was an ancient region and later roman province situated in the balkans , along the south bank of the danube river . 
Maas ::   the maas is a river in the low countries and france better known in english by its french name meuse . 
Webmail ::   webmail ( or web - based email ) is any email client implemented as a web application running on a web server . 
Huguenots ::   huguenots ( english pronunciation or ; , ) are the ethnoreligious group of french protestants who follow the reformed tradition . 
Melicertes ::   in greek mythology , melicertes ( ancient greek μελικέρτης , sometimes melecertes , later called palaemon παλαίμων ) is the son of the boeotian prince athamas and ino , daughter of cadmus . 
Saint-Germain-en-Laye ::   saint - germain - en - laye ( ) is a commune in the yvelines department in the île - de - france in north - central france . 
KPMG ::   kpmg is a professional service company and one of the big four auditors , along with deloitte , ernst & young ( ey ) , and pricewaterhousecoopers ( pwc ) . 
Beeldenstorm ::   beeldenstorm in dutch , roughly translatable to " statue storm " , or bildersturm in german ( " image / statue storm " ) , also the iconoclastic fury , is a term used for outbreaks of destruction of religious images that occurred in europe in the 16th century . 
Sabre ::   the sabre ( british english ) or saber ( american english ; see spelling differences ) is a type of backsword with a curved blade associated with the light cavalry of the early modern and napoleonic periods . 
Backsword ::   a backsword is a type of european sword characterised by having a straight single - edged blade and a hilt with a single - handed grip . 
Defecation ::   defecation is the final act of digestion , by which organisms eliminate solid , semisolid , or liquid waste material from the digestive tract via the anus . 
Daylighting ::   daylighting is the practice of placing windows or other openings and reflective surfaces so that during the day natural light provides effective internal lighting . 
Potentiometer ::   a potentiometer is a three - terminal resistor with a sliding or rotating contact that forms an adjustable voltage divider . 
Avant-garde ::   the avant - garde (; ) ( from french , " advance guard " or " vanguard " , literally " fore - guard " ) are people or works that are experimental , , or unorthodox with respect to art , culture , or society . 
Honeysuckle ::   honeysuckles ( " lonicera " , ; syn . " caprifolium " mill . ) are arching shrubs or twining bines in the family caprifoliaceae , native to the northern hemisphere . 
Syringa ::   syringa ( lilac ) is a genus of 12 currently recognized species of flowering woody plants in the olive family ( oleaceae ) , native to woodland and scrub from southeastern europe to eastern asia , and widely and commonly cultivated in temperate areas elsewhere . 
Camellia ::   camellia is a genus of flowering plants in the family theaceae . 
Silene ::   silene is a genus of flowering plants in the family caryophyllaceae . 
Hervanta ::   hervanta is a large suburb , or satellite city , of tampere in finland , located next to hallila some 10   km south of the city centre . 
Thurii ::   thurii (; ) , called also by some latin writers thurium ( compare in ptolemy ) , for a time also copia and copiae , was a city of magna graecia , situated on the tarentine gulf , within a short distance of the site of sybaris , whose place it may be considered as having taken . 
Hydrangea ::   hydrangea (; common names hydrangea or hortensia ) is a genus of 70–75 species of flowering plants native to southern and eastern asia ( china , japan , korea , the himalayas , and indonesia ) and the americas . 
Pansy ::   the garden pansy is a type of large - flowered hybrid plant cultivated as a garden flower . 
Pontiac ::   pontiac was a car brand that was owned , made , and sold by general motors . 
Pride ::   pride is an inwardly directed emotion that carries two antithetical meanings . 
Spyker ::   spyker or spijker was a dutch car manufacturer started in 1880 by smelters jacobus and hendrik - jan spijker as a coach production company . 
Bas-Saint-Laurent ::   the bas - saint - laurent ( lower saint - lawrence ) region is located along the south shore of the lower saint lawrence river in quebec . 
Flaviviridae ::   flaviviridae is a family of viruses . 
Arnulf ::   arnulf is a masculine german given name . 
Chindōgu ::   literally translated , " chindōgu " means . 
Winamp ::   winamp is a media player for windows , android , and macos developed by justin frankel and dmitry boldyrev by their company nullsoft , which they later sold to aol , who sold it to radionomy in january 2014 . 
Shatranj ::   shatranj ( hindi , urdu , from middle persian " chatrang چترنگ " ) , is an old form of chess , which came to the western world by the persians and later greeks , and ultimately from india ( " chaturaṅga ) " via the persian empire . 
Thalys ::   thalys is an international high - speed train operator originally built around the lgv nord high - speed line between paris and brussels . 
Hernia ::   a hernia is the abnormal exit of tissue or an organ , such as the bowel , through the wall of the cavity in which it normally resides . 
Tevye ::   tevye the dairyman ( , " tevye der milkhiker " , ) is the fictional narrator and protagonist of a series of short stories by solomon naumovich rabinovich ( better known by his pen - name of sholem aleichem ) , originally written in yiddish , and first published in 1894 . 
Bislama ::   bislama (; ; also known under its earlier name in french " bichelamar " ) is a creole language , one of the official languages of vanuatu . 
Tootsie ::   tootsie is a 1982 american comedy film directed by sydney pollack and starring dustin hoffman , with a supporting cast that includes bill murray , jessica lange , teri garr , dabney coleman , charles durning , geena davis ( in her acting debut ) , and doris belack . 
Hutterite ::   hutterites ( ) are an ethnoreligious group that is a communal branch of anabaptists who , like the amish and mennonites , trace their roots to the radical reformation of the 16th century . 
Freiwirtschaft ::   gesell is nowadays viewed a libertarian socialist . 
Ç ::   ç , ç ( c - cedilla ) is a latin script letter , used in the albanian , azerbaijani , manx , portuguese , tatar , turkish , turkmen , kurdish and zazaki alphabets . 
Freigeld ::   as part of the theory of freiwirtschaft , freigeld ( ' free money ' , ) is a monetary ( or exchange ) unit proposed by silvio gesell . 
Thruster ::   a thruster is a propulsive device used by spacecraft and watercraft for station keeping , attitude control , in the reaction control system , or long - duration , low - thrust acceleration . 
Chrismation ::   chrismation consists of the sacrament or mystery in the eastern orthodox , oriental orthodox and eastern catholic churches , as well as in the assyrian church of the east initiation rites . 
Gascony ::   gascony (; ; gascon : " gasconha " ; ) is an area of southwest france that was part of the " province of guyenne and gascony " prior to the french revolution . 
PDU ::   pdu may stand for : 
Batasuna ::   batasuna ( ) was a basque nationalist political party based mainly in spain that was banned in 2003 , after a strongly contested court ruling declared proven that the party was financing eta with public money . 
Matadi ::   matadi is the chief sea port of the democratic republic of the congo and the capital of the kongo central province . 
Lingala ::   lingala ( ngala ) is a bantu language spoken throughout the northwestern part of the democratic republic of the congo and a large part of the republic of the congo , as well as to some degree in angola and the central african republic . 
Mermaid ::   a mermaid is a legendary aquatic creature with the head and upper body of a female human and the tail of a fish . 
XHRF-FM ::   xhrf - fm is a radio station in ciudad acuña , coahuila . 
Workflow ::   a workflow consists of an orchestrated and repeatable pattern of business activity enabled by the systematic organization of resources into processes that transform materials , provide services , or process information . 
Bono ::   paul david hewson , ol ( born 10 may 1960 ) , known by his stage name bono ( ) , is an irish singer - songwriter , musician , venture capitalist , businessman , and philanthropist . 
Dipper ::   dippers are members of the genus cinclus in the bird family cinclidae , named for their bobbing or dipping movements . 
Emu ::   the emu ( " dromaius novaehollandiae " ) is the second - largest living bird by height , after its ratite relative , the ostrich . 
Nicotiana ::   nicotiana ( ) is a genus of herbaceous plants and shrubs of the family solanaceae , that is indigenous to the americas , australia , south west africa and the south pacific . 
Leuven ::   leuven ( ) or louvain ( , ; ) is the capital of the province of flemish brabant in belgium . 
Perpendicular ::   in elementary geometry , the property of being perpendicular ( perpendicularity ) is the relationship between two lines which meet at a right angle ( 90 degrees ) . 
Maxentius ::   maxentius (; c. 278 – 28 october 312 ) was roman emperor from 306 to 312 . 
Denmark ::   denmark (; , ) , officially the kingdom of denmark , is a nordic country and a sovereign state . 
Electrocardiography ::   electrocardiography ( ecg or ekg ) is the process of recording the electrical activity of the heart over a period of time using electrodes placed on the skin . 
Bushism ::   " bushisms " are unconventional statements , phrases , pronunciations , malapropisms , and semantic or linguistic errors in the public speaking of former president of the united states george w. bush . 
Gil-galad ::   ereinion gil - galad ( ) is a fictional character in j. r. r. tolkien 's middle - earth legendarium . 
Kabir ::   kabir ( , iast : kabīr ) was a 15th - century indian mystic poet and saint , whose writings influenced hinduism 's bhakti movement and his verses are found in sikhism 's scripture adi granth . 
Aquafina ::   aquafina is a brand of purified bottled water products produced by pepsico , consisting of both unflavored and flavored water . 
South ::   south is one of the four cardinal directions or compass points . 
Spaceflight ::   spaceflight ( also written space flight ) is ballistic flight into or through outer space . 
Prejudice ::   prejudice is an affective feeling towards a person or group member based solely on their group membership . 
Acantha ::   acantha ( greek : ἀκάνθα , english translation : " thorny " ) is often claimed to be a minor character in greek mythology whose metamorphosis was the origin of the " acanthus " plant . 
Deianira ::   deianira , deïanira , or deianeira (; , " dēiáneira " , or , " dēáneira " , ) , also known as dejanira , is a figure in greek mythology whose name translates as " man - destroyer " or " destroyer of her husband " . 
Acheron ::   the acheron (; ( " acheron " ) or ἀχερούσιος ( " acherusius " ) ; ( " acherontas " ) ) is a river located in the epirus region of northwest greece . 
Ninhursag ::   in sumerian religion , ninḫursaĝ ( ) was a mother goddess of the mountains , and one of the seven great deities of sumer . 
Zagreus ::   in ancient greek religion and mythology , zagreus ( ) was sometimes identified with a god worshipped by the followers of orphism , the “ 
Acoetes ::   acoetes ( from greek , via latin " ăcoetēs " ) was the name of three men in greek and roman mythology . 
Maenad ::   in greek mythology , maenads (; ) were the female followers of dionysus and the most significant members of the thiasus , the god 's retinue . 
Pentheus ::   in greek mythology , pentheus ( or ; ) was a king of thebes . 
Duron ::   amd duron refers to a line of budget x86-compatible microprocessors manufactured by amd . 
Celeron ::   celeron is a brand name given by intel to a number of different low - end ia-32 and x86 - 64 computer microprocessor models targeted at budget personal computers . 
Olmec ::   the olmecs were the earliest known major civilization in mexico following a progressive development in soconusco . 
Adamanthea ::   a nymph in greek mythology , adamanthea helped raise the infant zeus to hide him from his father , cronus . 
Admetus ::   in greek mythology , admetus (; ancient greek : " admetos " , " untamed " , " untameable " ) was a king of pherae in thessaly . 
Alcestis ::   alcestis (; , " alkēstis " ) or alceste , was a princess in greek mythology , known for her love of her husband . 
Pelias ::   pelias (; ) was king of iolcus in greek mythology . 
Adonis ::   adonis (; ) is a divine figure in greek mythology . 
Bluethroat ::   the bluethroat ( " luscinia svecica " ) is a small passerine bird that was formerly classed as a member of the thrush family turdidae , but is now more generally considered to be an old world flycatcher , muscicapidae . 
Flea ::   fleas are small flightless insects that form the order siphonaptera . 
Principality ::   a principality ( or princedom ) can either be a monarchical feudatory or a sovereign state , ruled or reigned over by a monarch with the title of prince or by a monarch with another title within the generic use of the term " prince " . 
Chauci ::   the chauci ( , and identical or similar in other regional modern languages ) were an ancient germanic tribe living in the low - lying region between the rivers ems and elbe , on both sides of the weser and ranging as far inland as the upper weser . 
Cherusci ::   the cherusci ( sometimes called the cherusks ) were a germanic tribe that inhabited parts of the plains and forests of northwestern germany , in the area possibly near present - day hanover , during the 1st century bc and 1st century ad . 
Argonauts ::   the argonauts ( " argonautai " ) were a band of heroes in greek mythology , who in the years before the trojan war , around 1300 bc , accompanied jason to colchis in his quest to find the golden fleece . 
Irminones ::   the irminones , also referred to as herminones or hermiones ( ) , were a group of early germanic tribes settling in the elbe watershed and by the 1st century ad expanding into bavaria , swabia and bohemia . 
Theodelinda ::   theodelinda , queen of the lombards , ( 570 - 628 ad ) was the daughter of duke garibald i of bavaria . 
Quadi ::   the quadi were a suebian germanic tribe who lived approximately in the area of modern moravia in the time of the roman empire . 
Rugii ::   the rugii , also rugians , rygir , ulmerugi , or holmrygir ( , ) were an east germanic tribe who migrated from southwest norway to pomerania around 100 ad , and from there to the danube river valley . 
Oulunkylä ::   oulunkylä ( , also known as " ogeli " ) is a suburb and a neighbourhood of helsinki , the capital of finland . 
Shellsort ::   shellsort , also known as shell sort or shell 's method , is an in - place comparison sort . 
Oedipus ::   oedipus ( or or ; " oidípous " meaning " swollen foot " ) was a mythical greek king of thebes . 
Thuringii ::   the thuringii or toringi , were a germanic tribe that appeared late during the " völkerwanderung " in the harz mountains of central germania still called thuringia . 
Polyethylene ::   polyethylene or polythene ( abbreviated pe ; iupac name polyethene or poly(ethylene ) ) is the most common plastic . 
Deerhurst ::   deerhurst is a village near tewkesbury in gloucestershire , england on the east bank of the river severn . 
Aëdon ::   aëdon ( ) was in greek mythology , the daughter of pandareus of ephesus . 
Antinous ::   antinous ( also " antinoüs " or " antinoös " ; ; 27 november , c. 111 – before 30 october 130 ) was a bithynian greek youth and a favourite , or lover , of the roman emperor hadrian . 
Aeëtes ::   aeëtes (; also spelled " æëtes " , " aiētēs " ) was a king of colchis in greek mythology . 
Phrixus ::   in greek mythology phrixus (; also spelt phryxus ; , " phrixos " ) was the son of athamas , king of boeotia , and nephele ( a goddess of clouds ) . 
Oklahoma! ::   oklahoma ! is the first musical written by the team of composer richard rodgers and librettist oscar hammerstein ii . 
Athamas ::   in greek mythology , athamas (; " rich harvest " ) was a boeotian king . 
Bithynia ::   bithynia (; greek " bithynia " ) was an ancient region , kingdom and roman province in the northwest of asia minor , adjoining the propontis , the thracian bosporus and the euxine sea . 
Hypertension ::   hypertension ( htn or ht ) , also known as high blood pressure ( hbp ) , is a long - term medical condition in which the blood pressure in the arteries is persistently elevated . 
Nephele ::   in greek mythology , nephele (; , from νέφος " nephos " " cloud " ; latinized to " nubes " ) was a cloud nymph who figured prominently in the story of phrixus and helle . 
Leucothea ::   in greek mythology , leucothea ( ( λευκοθέα ) , " white goddess " ) was one of the aspects under which an ancient sea goddess was recognized , in this case as a transformed nymph . 
Orchamus ::   orchamus was a king in greek mythology . 
Aegaeon ::   aegaeon can refer to : 
Gyges ::   gyges can refer to : 
Ctesias ::   ctesias (; , " ktēsíās " ) , also known as ctesias the cnidian or ctesias of cnidus , was a greek physician and historian from the town of cnidus in caria . 
Aegea ::   aegea is a back - formation from " aegean " , the sea that was named after an eponymous aegeus in early levels of greek mythology . 
Flerovium ::   flerovium is a superheavy artificial chemical element with symbol fl and atomic number 114 . 
Nihonium ::   nihonium is a synthetic chemical element with symbol nh and atomic number 113 . 
Tissaphernes ::   tissaphernes (; old persian " čiθrafarnah " > mod . 
Mohenjo-daro ::   mohenjo - daro ( , , ipa : , sindhi for " mound of the dead men " ; ) is an archaeological site in the province of sindh , pakistan . 
Songbird ::   a songbird is a bird belonging to the clade passeri of the perching birds ( passeriformes ) . 
Homs ::   homs (; 
Perspiration ::   perspiration , also known as sweating or diaphoresis , is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals . 
FedEx ::   fedex corporation is an american multinational courier delivery services company headquartered in memphis , tennessee . 
Logistics ::   logistics is generally the detailed organization and implementation of a complex operation . 
Nicaea ::   nicaea or nicea (; , ) was an ancient city in northwestern anatolia , and is primarily known as the site of the first and second councils of nicaea ( the first and seventh ecumenical councils in the early history of the christian church ) , the nicene creed ( which comes from the first council ) , and as the capital city of the empire of nicaea following the fourth crusade in 1204 , until the recapture of constantinople by the byzantines in 1261 . 
Anemone ::   anemone is a genus of about 200 species of flowering plants in the family ranunculaceae , native to temperate zones . 
Gaillardia ::   gaillardia ( common name blanket flower ) is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family , asteraceae , native to north and south america . 
Tigellinus ::   ofonius tigellinus , also known as tigellinus ofonius , ophonius tigellinus and sophonius tigellinus ( c. 10–69 ) , was a prefect of the roman imperial bodyguard , known as the praetorian guard , from 62 until 68 , during the reign of emperor nero . 
PDS ::   pds can refer to : 
Hagfish ::   hagfish , the class myxini ( also known as hyperotreti ) , are eel - shaped , slime - producing marine fish ( occasionally called slime eels ) . 
CompuServe ::   compuserve ( compuserve information service , also known by its initialism cis ) was the first major commercial online service provider in the united states . 
Scar ::   scars are areas of fibrous tissue ( fibrosis ) that replace normal skin after injury . 
Aegimius ::   aegimius ( ) was the greek mythological ancestor of the dorians , who is described as their king and lawgiver at the time when they were yet inhabiting the northern parts of thessaly . 
Hyllus ::   in greek mythology , hyllus (; also hyllas ( ὕλᾱς ) was son of heracles and deianira , husband of iole , nursed by abia . 
Attosecond ::   an attosecond is 1×10 of a second ( one quintillionth of a second ) . 
Femtosecond ::   a femtosecond is the si unit of time equal to 10 or / of a second ; that is , one quadrillionth , or one millionth of one billionth , of a second . 
Antithesis ::   antithesis ( greek for " setting opposite " , from " against " and " placing " ) is used in writing or speech either as a proposition that contrasts with or reverses some previously mentioned proposition , or when two opposites are introduced together for contrasting effect . 
Picosecond ::   a picosecond is an si unit of time equal to 10 or / of a second . 
Ishtar ::   ishtar (; cuneiform : ) was the mesopotamian goddess of love , beauty , sex , desire , fertility , war , combat , and political power , the east semitic ( akkadian , assyrian , and babylonian ) counterpart to the sumerian inanna , and a cognate of the northwest semitic goddess astarte and the armenian goddess astghik . 
Asopus ::   asopus (; " asôpos " ) is the name of four different rivers in greece and one in turkey . 
Myrmidons ::   the myrmidons ( " myrmidones " ) were a legendary people of greek mythology , native to the region of thessaly . 
Endeïs ::   in greek mythology , queen endeïs was the wife of king aeacus and mother of telamon and king peleus ( since peleus was the father of achilles , endeïs was achilles 's grandmother ) . 
Telamon ::   in greek mythology , telamon ( ) , son of the king aeacus of aegina , and endeïs and brother of peleus , accompanied jason as one of his argonauts , and was present at the hunt for the calydonian boar . 
Hesione ::   in greek mythology and later art , the name hesione refers to various mythological figures , of whom the trojan princess hesione is most known . 
Teucer ::   in greek mythology , teucer ( ) , also teucrus , teucros or teucris ( ) , was the son of king telamon of salamis island and hesione , daughter of king laomedon of troy . 
FLAC ::   flac (; free lossless audio codec ) is an audio coding format for lossless compression of digital audio , and is also the name of the reference codec implementation . 
Guildford ::   guildford is a large town in surrey , england , located southwest of central london on the a3 trunk road midway between the capital and portsmouth . 
Tibidabo ::   tibidabo ( ) is a mountain overlooking barcelona , catalonia , spain . 
Vallvidrera ::   vallvidrera is a neighbourhood of the sarrià - sant gervasi district of barcelona , catalonia . 
ESPN ::   espn ( originally an acronym for entertainment and sports programming network ) is a u.s .- based global cable and satellite sports television channel owned by espn inc. , a joint venture owned by the walt disney company ( 80% ) and hearst communications ( 20% ) . 
Montjuïc ::   montjuïc (; spanish spelling " montjuich " ) is a hill in barcelona , catalonia , spain . 
C-SPAN ::   c - span ( ) , an acronym for cable - satellite public affairs network , is an american cable and satellite television network that was created in 1979 by the cable television industry as a public service . 
Orestes ::   in greek mythology , orestes (; ) was the son of clytemnestra and agamemnon . 
Tatooine ::   tatooine is a fictional desert planet that appears in the " star wars " space opera franchise . 
Carinus ::   carinus (; died 285 ) was roman emperor from 283 to 285 . 
Jukebox ::   a jukebox is a partially automated music - playing device , usually a coin - operated machine , that will play a patron 's selection from self - contained media . 
Indri ::   the indri (; " indri indri " ) , also called the babakoto , is one of the largest living lemurs , with a head - and - body length of about and a weight of between . 
DECnet ::   decnet is a suite of network protocols created by digital equipment corporation , originally released in 1975 in order to connect two pdp-11 minicomputers . 
Lughnasadh ::   lughnasadh or lughnasa ( pronounced , ) is a gaelic festival marking the beginning of the harvest season . 
Hesperides ::   in greek mythology , the hesperides (; , ) are the nymphs of evening and golden light of sunset , who were the " daughters of the evening " or " nymphs of the west " . 
Waqf ::   a waqf ( ) , also known as habous or " mortmain " property , is an inalienable charitable endowment under islamic law , which typically involves donating a building , plot of land or other assets for muslim religious or charitable purposes with no intention of reclaiming the assets . 
Comateens ::   the comateens were originally a new wave duo formed in 1978 in new york city by bassist / vocalist nic north and guitarist ramona jan. soon after , lyn byrd joined on vocals and synthesiser , and the duo became a trio . 
Belus ::   belus ( latin ) or belos ( , " bē̂los " ) was the indifferent classical rendering of the semitic words " bēlu " and " baʿal " ( " lord " ) as a theonym , personal name , and royal title . 
Danaus ::   in greek mythology danaus (; " danaos " ) , was the twin brother of aegyptus , a mythical king of egypt . 
Hypermnestra ::   hypermnestra ( ) , in greek mythology , is the daughter of danaus and the ancestor of the danaids . 
Lynceus ::   in greek mythology , lynceus or ( ) was a king of argos , succeeding danaus . 
EDVAC ::   edvac ( electronic discrete variable automatic computer ) was one of the earliest electronic computers . 
BINAC ::   binac ( binary automatic computer ) was an early electronic computer designed for northrop aircraft company by the eckert – mauchly computer corporation ( emcc ) in 1949 . 
Apomixis ::   in botany , apomixis was defined by hans winkler as replacement of the normal sexual reproduction by asexual reproduction , without fertilization . 
UWM ::   uwm may stand for 
Sausage ::   a sausage is a cylindrical meat product usually made from ground meat , often pork , beef , or veal , along with salt , spices and other flavourings , and breadcrumbs , with a skin around it . 
Sarnia ::   sarnia is a city in southwestern ontario , canada , and had a 2016 population of 71,594 . 
TX-0 ::   the tx-0 , for transistorized experimental computer zero , but affectionately referred to as tixo ( pronounced " tix oh " ) , was an early fully transistorized computer and contained a then - huge 64 k of 18-bit words of magnetic core memory . 
Sketchpad ::   sketchpad ( a.k.a . 
TX-2 ::   the mit lincoln laboratory tx-2 computer was the successor to the lincoln tx-0 and was known for its role in advancing both artificial intelligence and human - computer interaction . 
Jester ::   a jester , court jester , or fool , was historically an entertainer during the medieval and renaissance eras who was a member of the household of a nobleman or a monarch employed to entertain him and his guests . 
HyperTalk ::   hypertalk is a high - level , procedural programming language created in 1987 by dan winkler and used in conjunction with apple computer 's hypercard hypermedia program by bill atkinson . 
Rodeo ::   rodeo ( or ) is a competitive sport that arose out of the working practices of cattle herding in spain , mexico , and later central america , south america , the united states , canada , australia and new zealand . 
Harpy ::   in greek mythology and roman mythology , a harpy ( plural harpies , , " harpyia " , ; ) was a half - human and half - bird personification of storm winds , in " homeric poems . " 
Phineus ::   in greek mythology , phineus (; , ) was a king of [ [ thrace ] ] and seer who appears in accounts of the [ [ argonauts ] ] ' voyage . 
Aello ::   aello (; ancient greek : ἀελλώ , " aellō " ) in greek mythology was one of the harpy sisters who would abduct people and torture them on their way to tartarus . 
Podarge ::   in greek mythology , podarge ( , english translation : " fleet - foot " ) referred to several different beings . 
Celaeno ::   in greek mythology , celaeno (; " kelaino " , lit . ' the dark one ' , also celeno or kelaino , sometimes [ misspelled ] calaeno ) referred to several different figures . 
Ocypete ::   ocypete ( english translation : " swift wing " ) was one of the three harpies in greek mythology . 
Cougar ::   the cougar ( " puma concolor " ) , also commonly known as the mountain lion , puma , panther , or catamount , is a large felid of the subfamily felinae native to the americas . 
Astraeus ::   in greek mythology , astraeus or astraios ( " " starry " " ) was an astrological deity and the titan - god of the dusk . 
Aesacus ::   in greek mythology , aesacus or aisakos (; ) was a son of king priam of troy . 
Atomium ::   the atomium ( ) is a landmark building in brussels , originally constructed for the 1958 brussels world 's fair ( expo 58 ) . 
Permaculture ::   permaculture is a system of agricultural and social design principles centered around simulating or directly utilizing the patterns and features observed in natural ecosystems . 
Incarnation ::   incarnation literally means " embodied in flesh " or " taking on flesh " . 
Marrubium ::   marrubium ( horehound or hoarhound ) is a genus of flowering plants in the family lamiaceae , native to temperate regions of europe , north africa , and asia as far east as the xinjiang region of western china . 
Hyperglycemia ::   hyperglycemia , or high blood sugar ( also spelled hyperglycaemia or hyperglycæmia ) is a condition in which an excessive amount of glucose circulates in the blood plasma . 
Thalamus ::   the thalamus ( from greek , " chamber " ) is the large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals , including motor signals , to the cerebral cortex , and the regulation of consciousness , sleep , and alertness it is a symmetrical structure of two halves , within the vertebrate brain , situated between the cerebral cortex and the midbrain . 
Pensées ::   the pensées ( " thoughts " ) is a collection of fragments on theology and philosophy written by 17th - century philosopher and mathematician blaise pascal . 
Foca ::   the word foca can refer to : the acronym foca can refer to : 
SPX ::   spx can refer to : 
Comfrey ::   comfrey ( also comphrey ) is a common name for plants in the genus " symphytum " . 
AmigaGuide ::   amigaguide is a hypertext document file format designed for the amiga , files are stored in ascii so it is possible to read and edit a file without the need for special software . 
Inanna ::   inanna (; ) was the sumerian goddess of love , beauty , sex , desire , fertility , war , combat , and political power , equivalent to the akkadian , babylonian , and assyrian goddess ishtar . 
Archilochus ::   archilochus (; " arkhilokhos " ; c. 680 – c. 645 bc ) was a greek lyric poet from the island of paros in the archaic period . 
Aethon ::   the ancient greek word " aithôn " means " burning " , " blazing " or " shining . 
Palici ::   the palici ( παλικοί in greek ) , or palaci , were a pair of indigenous sicilian chthonic deities in roman mythology , and to a lesser extent in greek mythology . 
Aetna ::   aetna inc. (; stylized as ætna ) is an american managed health care company , which sells traditional and consumer directed health care insurance plans and related services , such as medical , pharmaceutical , dental , behavioral health , long - term care , and disability plans . 
Aganippe ::   aganippe (; ancient greek : ἀγανίππη ) was a name or epithet of several figures in greek mythology . 
Cybele ::   cybele (; phrygian : " matar kubileya / kubeleya " " " kubeleyan " mother " , perhaps " " mountain " mother " ; lydian " kuvava " ; " kybele " , " kybebe " , " kybelis " ) is an anatolian mother goddess ; she may have a possible precursor in the earliest neolithic at çatalhöyük , where statues of obese women , sometimes sitting , have been found in excavations . 
Agdistis ::   agdistis ( ) was a deity of greek , roman and phrygia mythology , was the phrygian version of themis , nemesis(cybele ) , libra , or yin - yang ; the goddess of balance and nature and also sometimes of justice(karma ) . 
Agelasta ::   in greek mythology , agelasta ( ἀγέλαστος in ancient greek or αγέλαστη modern greek " smile - less " ) was the name of the stone on which demeter rested during her search for persephone . 
Agenor ::   agenor (; ; english translation : ' heroic , manly ' ) was in greek mythology and history a phoenician king of tyre . 
Euphemus ::   euphemus ( , " reputable " ) in greek mythology was the name of several distinct characters . 
Aglaea ::   aglaea ( ) or aglaïa (; " splendor , brilliant , shining one " ) is the name of several figures in greek mythology , the best known of which is one of the three charites or graces . 
Alcman ::   alcman (; " alkmán " ; fl . 
Ibycus ::   ibycus (; ; fl . 
Paean ::   a paean ( ) is a song or lyric poem expressing triumph or thanksgiving . 
Erechtheus ::   erechtheus (; ) in greek mythology was the name of an archaic king of athens , the founder of the " polis " and , in his role as god , attached to poseidon , as " poseidon erechtheus " . 
Stobaeus ::   joannes stobaeus (; ; fl . 
Aglaurus ::   aglaurus (; ) or agraulus (; ancient greek : ) is a name attributed to three figures in greek mythology . 
Cephalus ::   cephalus (; , kephalos ) is a name , used both for the hero - figure in greek mythology and carried as a theophoric name by historical persons . 
Pandrosus ::   pandrosos or pandrosus ( ancient greek : πάνδροσος ) was known in greek myth as one of the three daughters of kekrops , the first king of athens , along with her sisters aglauros and herse . 
Alastor ::   alastor (; ancient greek : ἀλάστωρ , english translation : " avenger " ) refers to a number of people and concepts in greek mythology : 
Neleus ::   neleus (; ) was a king of pylos . 
Zenobius ::   zenobius ( ) was a greek sophist , who taught rhetoric at rome during the reign of emperor hadrian ( ad 117–138 ) . 
Downwelling ::   downwelling is the process of accumulation and sinking of higher density material beneath lower density material , such as cold or saline water beneath warmer or fresher water or cold air beneath warm air . 
Halirrhothius ::   halirrhothius ( ) was the son of poseidon and euryte ( or bathycleia ) in greek mythology . 
Alcyone ::   in greek mythology , alcyone or alkyone (; ancient greek : ἁλκυόνη , " halkyónē " derived from " alkyon " αλκυων " kingfisher ) was the daughter of aeolus , either by enarete or aegiale . 
Estuary ::   an estuary is a partially enclosed coastal body of brackish water with one or more rivers or streams flowing into it , and with a free connection to the open sea . 
Echion ::   in greek mythology , the name echion ( ( " gen " . : ἐχίονος ) , derivative of ἔχις " echis " " viper " ) referred to five different beings . 
Alcyoneus ::   alcyoneus ( , " alkuoneus " ) was a traditional opponent of the hero heracles . 
Longan ::   dimocarpus longan , commonly known as the longan ( ; , ) , is a tropical tree that produces edible fruit . 
Canyon ::   a canyon ( spanish : cañón ; archaic british english spelling : cañon ) or gorge is a deep cleft between escarpments or cliffs resulting from weathering and the erosive activity of a river over geologic timescales . 
Evapotranspiration ::   evapotranspiration ( et ) is the sum of evaporation and plant transpiration from the earth 's land and ocean surface to the atmosphere . 
Megaera ::   megaera (; ancient greek : μέγαιρα , english translation : " the jealous one " ) is one of the erinyes , eumenides or " furies " in greek mythology . 
Exosphere ::   the exosphere ( " outside , external , beyond " , " sphere " ) is a thin , atmosphere - like volume surrounding a planet or natural satellite where molecules are gravitationally bound to that body , but where the density is too low for them to behave as a gas by colliding with each other . 
Tisiphone ::   tisiphone , or tilphousia , was one of the three erinyes or furies . 
Meliae ::   in greek mythology , the meliae ( or meliai ) (; " meliai " or μελιάδες " meliades " ) were usually considered to be the nymphs of the ash tree , whose name they shared . 
Fluorocarbon ::   fluorocarbons , sometimes referred to as perfluorocarbons or pfcs , are , strictly speaking , organofluorine compounds with the formula cf , i.e. they contain only carbon and fluorine , though the terminology is not strictly followed . 
Geomorphology ::   geomorphology ( from ancient greek : γῆ , " gê " , " earth " ; μορφή , " morphḗ " , " form " ; and λόγος , " lógos " , " study " ) is the scientific study of the origin and evolution of topographic and bathymetric features created by physical , chemical or biological processes operating at or near the earth 's surface . 
Aloadae ::   in greek mythology , the aloadae ( ) or aloads ( " aloadai " ) were otus ( or otos ) ( ) and ephialtes ( ) , sons of iphimedia , wife of aloeus , by poseidon , whom she induced to make her pregnant by going to the seashore and disporting herself in the surf or scooping seawater into her bosom . 
Aloeus ::   aloeus (; ancient greek : ἀλωεύς probably derived from ἀλοάω " aloaō " " to thresh , to tread " as well as " to crush , to smash " ) can indicate one of two characters in greek mythology : 
Canace ::   in greek mythology , canace ( ancient greek : κανάκη ) was a daughter of aeolus and enarete , and lover of poseidon . 
Macar ::   macar ( μάκαρ ) or macareus ( μακαρεύς ) is the name of several individuals in greek mythology . 
Enarete ::   in greek mythology , enarete ( , ancient greek : " virtuous " literally " in virtue " , from " en " " in " and " arete " " virtue " ) or aenarete ( ancient greek : " ainarete " ) , was the daughter of deimachus , was the wife of aeolus and ancestor of the aeolians . 
Alope ::   alopê ( ) was in greek mythology a mortal woman , the daughter of cercyon , known for her great beauty . 
Cercyon ::   in greek mythology , cercyon ( ancient greek : κερκύων , -ονος ) was the name of the following two figures : 
Hippothoon ::   hippothoon ( ἱπποθόων , -ωντος ) or hippothous is a figure in greek mythology , often described as the king of eleusis , succeeding the throne after the death of cercyon . 
Antianeira ::   antianeira was the name of a number of women in greek mythology : 
Hippolyta ::   in classical greek mythology , hippolyta (; " hippolyte " ) was the amazonian queen who possessed a magical girdle that was given to her by her father , ares , the god of war . 
Otrera ::   in greek mythology , otrera ( greek : οτρηρη " otrērē " ) was a queen of the amazons ; the daughter of eurus ( the east wind ) , consort of ares and mother of hippolyta , antiope , melanippe , and penthesilea . 
Penthesilea ::   penthesilea ( ) or " penthesileia " was an amazonian queen in greek mythology , the daughter of ares and otrera and the sister of hippolyta , antiope and melanippe . 
Amazonomachy ::   in greek mythology , amazonomachy ( english translation : " amazon battle " ; plural , amazonomachiai ( ) or amazonomachies ) was the portrayal of the mythical battle between the ancient greeks and the amazons , a nation of all - female warriors . 
Wilco ::   wilco is an american alternative rock band based in chicago , illinois . 
Carambola ::   carambola or starfruit , is the fruit of " averrhoa carambola " , a species of tree native to the philippines , indonesia , malaysia , vietnam , nepal , india , bangladesh , sri lanka , mauritius and seychelles . 
Egyptology ::   egyptology ( from " egypt " and greek , " -logia " . ) 
Ampelos ::   ampelos ( ) is the ancient greek for " vine " . 
Inachus ::   in greek mythology , inăchus , inachos or inakhos ( ancient greek : ἴναχος ) was the first king of argos after whom a river was called inachus river , the modern panitsa that drains the western margin of the argive plain . 
Amykos ::   in greek mythology , amykos ( ) , latinized as amycus , was the son of poseidon and the bithynian nymph melia . 
Phoroneus ::   in greek mythology , phoroneus ( φορωνεύς ) was a culture - hero of the argolid , fire - bringer , primordial king of argos and son of the river god inachus and either melia , the oceanid or argia , the embodiment of the argolid itself : " inachus , son of oceanus , begat phoroneus by his sister argia , " wrote hyginus , in " fabulae " 143 . 
Aegialeus ::   aegialeus ( also aegealeus , aigialeus , egialeus ; ) is the name of several individuals in greek mythology or literature : 
Amymone ::   in greek mythology , amymone ( the " blameless " one ) was a daughter of danaus . 
Adrasteia ::   in greek mythology , adrasteia (; greek : ἀδράστεια ( ionic greek : ἀδρήστεια ) , " inescapable " ; also spelled adrastia , adrastea , adrestea , adastreia ) was a nymph who was charged by rhea with nurturing the infant zeus , in secret in the dictaean cave , to protect him from his father cronus . 
Anaxarete ::   in greek mythology , anaxarete ( ancient greek : ἀναξαρέτη " excellent princess " ) was a greek maiden who refused the advances of a shepherd named iphis . anaxarete 's advances were described in ovid 's " metamorphoses " in the following paragraph : anaxarete spurned him and mocked his feelings until he cried in despair and hanged himself on her doorstep . 
Iphis ::   iphis ( ancient greek : ἶφις ) ( , ) was a name attributed to the following individuals in greek mythology . 
Rhoeo ::   in greek mythology , rhoeo (; ) was a daughter of staphylus and chrysothemis , sister to parthenos and molpadia or hemithea . 
Anius ::   in greek mythology , anius ( ) was a king of delos and priest of apollo . 
Antaeus ::   antaeus ( , , " antaîos " ,   " opponent " ; ) was a figure in greek and berber mythology . 
Iobates ::   in greek mythology , iobates or jobates ( ) was a lycian king , the father of antea and philonoe . 
Polyeidos ::   in greek mythology , polyeidos or polyidus ( greek , " seeing many things " ) , son of coeranus , was a famous seer from corinth . 
Autonous ::   in greek mythology , autonous ( ancient greek : αὐτόνοος , " man with a mind of his own " ) was an owner of a large herd of horses which were pastured by his wife and children autonous was the son of melaneus , husband of hippodamia , was father to anthus , erodius , schoenous , acanthus and acanthis . 
Akademos ::   akademos or academus (; ; also hekademos or hecademus ( ἑκάδημος ) ) was an attic hero in greek mythology . 
Anteros ::   in greek mythology , anteros ( ) was the god of requited love , literally " love returned " or " counter - love " and also the punisher of those who scorn love and the advances of others , or the avenger of unrequited love . 
Antheia ::   antheia ( ) was one of the charites , or graces , of greek mythology and was the goddess of flowers and flowery wreaths . 
Nycteus ::   in greek mythology , nycteus or ( ) was a king of thebes . 
Epopeus ::   in greek mythology , epopeus (; ' all - seer ' , derived from " epopao " " to look out " , " observe " , from " epi " " over " and " ops " " eye " ) was the name of the following figures : 
Dirce ::   dirce (; , , modern greek , meaning " double " or " cleft " ) was the wife of lycus in greek mythology , and aunt to antiope whom zeus impregnated . 
Aoide ::   in greek mythology , aoede ( , " aoidē " ) was one of the three original ( boeotian ) muses , which later expanded to five , before the nine olympian muses were named . 
Melete ::   in greek mythology , melete ( μελέτη ) was one of the three original ( boeotian ) muses before the nine olympian muses were founded . 
Mneme ::   in greek mythology , mneme ( " mnḗmē " ) was one of the three original ( boeotian ) muses , along with her sisters aoide and melete before arche and thelxinoë were identified , increasing the number to five . 
Pierus ::   pierus ( ) , in greek mythology , is a name attributed to two individuals : 
Erato ::   in greek mythology , erato ( ancient greek : ἐρατώ ) is one of the greek muses . 
Melpomene ::   melpomene (; ; " to sing " or " the one that is melodious " ) , initially the muse of chorus , she then became the muse of tragedy , for which she is best known now . 
Polyhymnia ::   polyhymnia (; ; " the one of many hymns " ) , also spelt polymnia ( πολύμνια ) was in greek mythology the muse of sacred poetry , sacred hymn , dance , and eloquence as well as agriculture and pantomime . 
Terpsichore ::   in greek mythology , terpsichore (; τερψιχόρη ) " delight in dancing " was one of the nine muses and goddess of dance and chorus . 
Urania ::   urania (; , " ourania " ; meaning " heavenly " or " of heaven " ) , also spelt uranus , was , in greek mythology , the muse of astronomy . 
Sparaxis ::   sparaxis ( harlequin flower ) is a genus in the family iridaceae with about 13 species endemic to cape province , south africa . 
Coraline ::   coraline is a dark fantasy children 's novella by british author neil gaiman , published in 2002 by bloomsbury and harper collins . 
Neustria ::   neustria ( ) or neustrasia was the western part of the kingdom of the franks that was created in 511 upon the division of the merovingian kingdom of clovis i to his four sons following his death . 
Contralto ::   a contralto ( ) is a type of classical female singing voice whose vocal range is the lowest female voice type . 
Suda ::   the suda or souda (; ) is a large 10th - century byzantine encyclopedia of the ancient mediterranean world , formerly attributed to an author called suidas . 
Caesalpinioideae ::   caesalpinioideae is a botanical name at the rank of subfamily , placed in the large family fabaceae or leguminosae . 
Arachis ::   arachis is a genus of about 70 species of annual and perennial flowering plants in the pea family ( fabaceae ) , native to south america , and was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic " pterocarpus " clade of the dalbergieae . 
Lisnaskea ::   lisnaskea ( ) is the second - biggest settlement in county fermanagh , northern ireland . 
Chimpanzee ::   the taxonomical genus pan ( often referred to as " chimpanzees " or " chimps " ) consists of two extant species : the common chimpanzee and the bonobo . 
Boraginaceae ::   boraginaceae , the borage or forget - me - not family , includes a variety of shrubs , trees , and herbs , totaling about 2,000 species in 146 genera found worldwide . 
Symphytum ::   symphytum is a genus of flowering plants in the family boraginaceae . 
Strophe ::   a strophe ( ) is a poetic term originally referring to the first part of the ode in ancient greek tragedy , followed by the antistrophe and epode . the term has been extended to also mean a structural division of a poem containing stanzas of varying line length . 
Epode ::   epode , in verse , is the third part of an ode , which followed the strophe and the antistrophe , and completed the movement . 
Antistrophe ::   antistrophe ( , " a turning back " ) is the portion of an ode sung by the chorus in its returning movement from west to east , in response to the strophe , which was sung from east to west . 
Oleaceae ::   the oleaceae are a family of flowering plants in the order lamiales . 
Phalaris ::   phalaris ( ) was the tyrant of akragas ( now agrigento ) in sicily , from approximately 570 to 554 bc . 
Aphaea ::   aphaea ( , " aphaía " ) was a greek goddess who was worshipped almost exclusively at a single sanctuary on the island of aegina in the saronic gulf . 
Britomartis ::   britomartis ( ) was a greek goddess of mountains and hunting , who was primarily worshipped on the island of crete . 
Cytherea ::   cytherea refer to : 
Hemoglobinopathy ::   hemoglobinopathy is a kind of genetic defect that results in abnormal structure of one of the globin chains of the hemoglobin molecule . 
James ::   james is a common french and english surname and an english given name : james or james city may also refer to : 
Eileithyia ::   eileithyia or ilithyia (; ; , ( " eleuthyia " ) in crete , also ( " eleuthia " ) or ( " elysia " ) in laconia and messene , and ( " eleuthō " ) in literature ) was the greek goddess of childbirth and midwifery . 
Klazomenai ::   klazomenai ( ) or clazomenae was an ancient greek city on the coast of ionia and a member of the ionian league . 
Niobe ::   in greek mythology , niobe (; ) was a daughter of tantalus and of either dione , the most frequently cited , or of eurythemista or euryanassa , and the sister of pelops and broteas . 
Pixar ::   pixar ( ) , also referred to as pixar animation studios , is an american computer animation film studio based in emeryville , california that is a subsidiary of the walt disney company . 
Itylus ::   in greek mythology , itylus , or itylos , was the son of aedon , daughter of pandareus of ephesus and wife of king zethus of thebes . 
Marsyas ::   in greek mythology , the satyr marsyas (; ) is a central figure in two stories involving music : in one , he picked up the double oboe ( " aulos " ) that had been abandoned by athena and played it ; in the other , he challenged apollo to a contest of music and lost his hide and life . 
Niobids ::   in greek mythology , the niobids were the children of amphion of thebes and niobe , slain by apollo and artemis because niobe , born of the royal house of phrygia , had boastfully compared the greater number of her own offspring with those of leto , apollo 's and artemis ' mother : a classic example of " hubris " . 
Telephus ::   in greek mythology , telephus (; , " tēlephos " , " far - shining " ) was the son of heracles and auge , daughter of king aleus of tegea ; and the father of eurypylus . 
Peneus ::   in greek mythology , peneus (; ) was a thessalian river god , one of the three thousand rivers ( potamoi ) , a child of oceanus and tethys . 
Daphne ::   daphne (; , meaning " laurel " ) is a minor figure in greek mythology known as a naiad — a type of female nymph associated with fountains , wells , springs , streams , brooks and other bodies of freshwater . 
Aristaeus ::   a minor god in greek mythology , attested mainly by athenian writers , aristaeus (; " aristaios " ) , was the culture hero credited with the discovery of many useful arts , including bee - keeping ; he was the son of the huntress cyrene and apollo . 
Hecuba ::   hecuba (; also " hecabe " , " hécube " ; " hekábē " , ) was a queen in greek mythology , the wife of king priam of troy during the trojan war , with whom she had 19 children . 
Polyxena ::   in greek mythology , polyxena (; greek : ) was the youngest daughter of king priam of troy and his queen , hecuba . 
Phlegyas ::   phlegyas ( ) , son of ares and chryse or dotis , was king of the lapiths in greek mythology . 
Elatus ::   there were several figures named elatus or élatos ( ἔλατος ) in greek mythology . 
Ischys ::   in greek mythology , ischys ( ancient greek : ἰσχύς ) was the son of elatus and hippea , and also the lover of coronis . 
Asclepius ::   asclepius (; , " asklēpiós " ; ) was a hero and god of medicine in ancient greek religion and mythology . 
Stheno ::   in greek mythology , stheno ( or ; greek : σθενώ , english translation : " forceful " ) , was the eldest of the gorgons , vicious female monsters with brass hands , sharp fangs and " hair " made of living venomous snakes . 
Euryale ::   in greek mythology , euryale (; " far - roaming " ) was the name of the following characters : 
Chrysaor ::   in greek mythology , chrysaor ( , " gen " . : 
Themis ::   themis ( greek : θέμις ) is an ancient greek titaness . 
Perodicticinae ::   perodicticinae is the subfamily of lorisidae that includes the four species of african primates as shown under taxonomy below . 
Atë ::   atë , até or aite ( or ; ) is the greek goddess of mischief , delusion , ruin , and folly . 
Litae ::   litae ( meaning ' prayers ' ) are personifications in greek mythology . 
Delos ::   the island of delos (; ; attic : , doric : ) , near mykonos , near the centre of the cyclades archipelago , is one of the most important mythological , historical and archaeological sites in greece . 
Titanomachy ::   in greek mythology , the titanomachy ( " titanomakhia " , “ titan battle ” ) was a ten - year series of battles fought in thessaly , consisting of most of the titans ( an older generation of gods , based on mount othrys ) fighting against the olympians ( the younger generations , who would come to reign on mount olympus ) and their allies . 
Thoosa ::   in greek mythology , thoosa or thoösa ( , ) was a sea nymph associated with swiftness , and the mother of the cyclops polyphemus by the god poseidon ( odyssey , book i , lines 70–72 ) . 
Electryon ::   in greek mythology , electryon ( , ancient greek : ἠλεκτρύων ) was a king of tiryns and mycenae or medea in argolis . 
Sthenelus ::   in greek mythology , sthenelus ( , " sthenelos , " " strong one " or " forcer " , derived from " sthenos " " strength , might , force " ) was a name attributed to several different individuals : 
Cadfael ::   brother cadfael is the main fictional character in a series of historical murder mysteries written between 1977 and 1994 by the linguist - scholar edith pargeter under the name " ellis peters " . 
Eteocles ::   in greek mythology , eteocles (; ) was a king of thebes , the son of oedipus and either jocasta or euryganeia . 
Polynices ::   in greek mythology , polynices , sometimes spelled polyneices , ( greek : πολυνείκης , transl . " polyneíkes " , " manifold strife " ) was the son of oedipus and jocasta . 
Creon ::   creon (; , " kreōn " ) is a figure in greek mythology best known as the ruler of thebes in the legend of oedipus . 
Tiresias ::   in greek mythology , tiresias (; , " teiresias " ) was a blind prophet of apollo in thebes , famous for clairvoyance and for being transformed into a woman for seven years . 
Amboyna ::   amboyna or amboina can refer to : 
Amphiaraus ::   in greek mythology , amphiaraus (; ancient greek : ἀμφιάραος " amphiaraos " , " doubly cursed " or " twice ares - like " ) was the king of argos along with adrastus and iphis . 
Eriphyle ::   eriphyle ( ) was a figure in greek mythology who , in exchange for a necklace given to her by polynices , persuaded her husband amphiaraus to undertake the raid which precipitated the seven against thebes . 
Acarnan ::   in greek mythology , acarnan ( ancient greek : ἀκαρνάν ; " genitive " ἀκαρνᾶνος derived from ἀκαρνάν " akarnan " " laurel " ) was the name of these two characters : 
Oecles ::   in greek mythology , oecles ( ) or oecleus or ( οἰκλεύς ) was an argive king , father of amphiaraus , son of mantius or antiphates and grandson of melampus . 
Adrastus ::   adrastus (; ancient greek : ἄδραστος " adrastos " ) or adrestus ( ionic , " adrēstos " ) , traditionally translated as ' inescapable ' , was a legendary king of argos during the war of the seven against thebes . 
Mopsus ::   mopsus ( , " mopsos " ) was the name of one of two famous seers in greek mythology ; his rival being calchas . 
Ampyx ::   in greek mythology , ampyx , amycus or ampycus ( alt . " ampykos " ) ( ancient greek : ἄμπυξ ) was the name of the following figures : 
Rhacius ::   in greek mythology , rhacius ( ) was the son of lebes , and the leader of the first greeks to settle in caria , and became king of caria . 
Achaemenides ::   in greek and roman mythology , achaemenides ( ἀχαιμενίδης " akhaimenides " ) was a son of adamastos of ithaka , and one of odysseus 's crew . 
Achelois ::   achelois was a name attributed to several figures in greek mythology . 
Admete ::   admete ( " the unbroken " or " unwedded , untamed " ) or admeta , was in greek mythology , the daughter of eurystheus and antimache . 
Pterocarpus ::   pterocarpus is a pantropical genus of trees in the family fabaceae . 
Arcas ::   in greek mythology , arcas (; ἀρκάς ) was a hunter who became king of arcadia . 
Enyo ::   enyo (; ancient greek : ἐνυώ ) was a goddess of war in classical greek mythology . 
Twin ::   twins are two offspring produced by the same pregnancy . 
Topography ::   topography is the study of the shape and features of the surface of the earth and other observable astronomical objects including planets , moons , and asteroids . 
Iphigenia ::   in greek mythology , iphigenia (; , " iphigeneia " ) was a daughter of king agamemnon and queen clytemnestra , and thus a princess of argos . 
Cynthia ::   cynthia is a feminine given name of greek origin : κυνθία , " kynthía " , " from mount cynthus " on delos island . 
Godigisel ::   godigisel ( 359–406 ) was king of the hasdingi vandals until his death in 406 . 
Phaethusa ::   in greek mythology , phaethusa ( φαέθουσα ) , or phaëtusa ( " radiance " ) was a daughter of helios and neaera , the personification of the brilliant , blinding rays of the sun . 
Lampetia ::   in greek mythology , lampetia ( λαμπετίη or λαμπετία ) ( english translation : " shining " ) was the daughter of helios and neaera ; she was the personification of light . 
Skunk ::   skunks are mammals known for their ability to spray a liquid with a strong unpleasant smell . 
Clotho ::   clotho (; ) is one of the three fates or moirai who spin ( clotho ) , draw out ( lachesis ) and cut ( atropos ) the thread of life in ancient greek mythology . 
Lachesis ::   lachesis can be : 
Atropos ::   atropos or aisa (; " without turn " ) , in greek mythology , was one of the three moirai , goddesses of fate and destiny . 
Lumberjack ::   lumberjacks are workers in the logging industry who perform the initial harvesting and transport of trees for ultimate processing into forest products . 
Augeas ::   in greek mythology , augeas ( or augeias , , ) , whose name means " bright " , was king of elis and father of epicaste . 
XBasic ::   xbasic is a variant of the basic programming language that was developed in the late 1980s for the motorola 88000 cpu and unix by max reason . 
Xanthos ::   xanthos ( lycian : 𐊀𐊕𐊑𐊏𐊀 " arñna " , , latin : " xanthus " , turkish : " ksantos " ) was the name of a city in ancient lycia , the site of present - day kınık , antalya province , turkey , and of the river on which the city is situated . 
Xanthius ::   in greek mythology , xanthius ( ) was a descendant of bellerophon , and father of leucippus and an unnamed daughter . 
Baucis ::   baucis means several things : 
Biston ::   in greek mythology , biston ( ancient greek : βιστόνος ) was the son of ares and calliope , daughter of river - god nestus . 
Orithyia ::   orithyia (; " ōreithuia " ; ) was the daughter of king erechtheus of athens and his wife , praxithea , in greek mythology . 
Boreads ::   the boreads ( ) are the " wind brothers " in greek mythology . 
Brizo ::   brizo ( greek : βριζώ ; derived from ancient greek word βρίζω meaning " to slumber " ) is an ancient greek goddess who was known as the protector of mariners , sailors , and fishermen . 
Liber ::   in ancient roman religion and mythology , liber ( " the free one " ; ) , also known as liber pater ( " the free father " ) , was a god of viticulture and wine , fertility and freedom . 
Caduceus ::   the caduceus ( ☤ ; or ; from greek ' " herald 's wand , or staff " ) is the staff carried by hermes in greek mythology and consequently by hermes trismegistus in greco - egyptian mythology . 
Caerus ::   in greek mythology , caerus or kairos ( greek : καιρός , " kairos " ) was the personification of opportunity , luck and favorable moments . 
Campe ::   in greek mythology , campe or kampe ( " crooked " ; confer καμπή " a twist , a bend " ) is the name of a fearsome chthonic drakaina ( she - dragon ) . 
Caryatis ::   in ancient greek religion artemis caryatis was an epithet of artemis that was derived from the small " polis " of karyai in laconia ; there an archaic open - air " temenos " was dedicated to carya , the " lady of the nut - tree " , whose priestesses were called the " caryatidai " , represented on the athenian acropolis as the marble caryatids supporting the porch of the erechtheum . 
Cassotis ::   in greek mythology , cassotis ( κασσωτίς ) was the naiad ( a pegaea ) who lived in the spring at the oracle at delphi , dedicated to apollo ; the spring was named after her . 
Dryad ::   a dryad (; , " sing " . : ) is a tree nymph , or tree spirit , in greek mythology . 
Catreus ::   in greek mythology , catreus ( " katreus , " english translation : " down - flowing " ) was a king of crete and a son of minos and pasiphaë . 
Apemosyne ::   in greek mythology , apemosyne was a daughter of catreus , the son of minos , and king of crete . 
Althaemenes ::   in greek mythology , althaemenes or althemenes ( ancient greek : ἀλθαιμένης ) was the only son of catreus , king of crete , and the brother of apemosyne , aerope and clymene . 
Cecropia ::   cecropia is a neotropical genus consisting of sixty - one recognized species with a highly distinctive lineage of dioecious trees . 
Cedalion ::   in greek mythology , cedalion or kedalion ( classical greek κηδαλίων ) was a servant of hephaestus in lemnos . 
Deucalion ::   deucalion (; ) was the son of prometheus ; ancient sources name his mother as clymene , hesione , or pronoia . 
Pyrrha ::   in greek mythology , pyrrha (; ) was the daughter of epimetheus and pandora and wife of deucalion of whom she had three sons , hellen , amphictyon , orestheus ; and three daughters protogeneia , pandora ii and thyia . 
Abruzzo ::   abruzzo ( ) is a region of italy in central italy , with an area of 10,763 square km ( 4,156 sq mi ) and a population of 1.2 million . 
Campobasso ::   campobasso (; campobassan dialect " cambuàsce " , ) is a city and " comune " in southern italy , the capital of the region of molise and of the province of campobasso . 
Gelert ::   gelert is a legendary dog associated with the village of beddgelert ( whose name means " gelert 's grave " ) in gwynedd , north - west wales . 
Beddgelert ::   beddgelert is a village and community in the snowdonia area of gwynedd , wales . 
Tahr ::   tahrs are three species of large asian artiodactyl ungulates related to the wild goat . 
Bouches-du-Rhône ::   bouches - du - rhône (; occitan : " bocas de ròse " , lit . 
Tarascon ::   tarascon ( ) , sometimes referred to as tarascon - sur - rhône , is a commune situated at the extreme west of the bouches - du - rhône department of france in the provence - alpes - côte d'azur region . 
Arles ::   arles (; provençal in both classical and mistralian norms ; " arelate " in classical latin ) is a city and commune in the south of france , in the bouches - du - rhône department , of which it is a subprefecture , in the former province of provence . 
Aix-en-Provence ::   aix - en - provence (; provençal occitan : " ais de provença " in classical norm , or " ais de prouvènço " in mistralian norm , , ) , or simply aix (; medieval occitan " aics " ) , is a city - commune in the south of france , about north of marseille . 
Bard ::   in medieval gaelic and british culture , a bard was a professional story teller , verse - maker and music composer , employed by a patron ( such as a monarch or noble ) , to commemorate one or more of the patron 's ancestors and to praise the patron 's own activities . 
Camargue ::   the camargue ( ) ( provençal " camarga " ) is a natural region located south of arles , france , between the mediterranean sea and the two arms of the rhône river delta . 
Mausolus ::   mausolus ( ) was a ruler of caria ( 377–353 bc ) , nominally the persian satrap , who enjoyed the status of king or dynast by virtue of the powerful position created by his father hecatomnus who had succeeded the assassinated persian satrap tissaphernes in the carian satrapy and founded the hereditary dynasty of the hecatomnids . 
Oratorio ::   an oratorio ( ) is a large musical composition for orchestra , choir , and soloists . 
Graffito ::   graffito is the singular form of the italian graffiti , meaning " little scratch " . 
Procris ::   in greek mythology , procris ( , " gen " . : 
Charites ::   in greek mythology , a charis (; , ) or grace is one of three or more minor goddesses of charm , beauty , nature , human creativity , and fertility , together known as the charites ( ) or graces . 
Cercopes ::   in greek mythology , the cercopes ( , plural of κέρκωψ , from κέρκος ( " n " . ) " kerkos " " tail " ) were mischievous forest creatures who lived in thermopylae or on euboea but roamed the world and might turn up anywhere mischief was afoot . 
Athalaric ::   athalaric ( 516 – 2 october 534 ) was the king of the ostrogoths in italy between 526 and 534 . 
Ceryx ::   in greek mythology , ceryx ( , " kērux " , literally " herald " ) was a son of hermes and either pandrosus or agraulus . 
Kerukes ::   in athens , the kerukes were an ancient family of traditional priests said to be descended from hermes through ceryx . 
Phorcys ::   in greek mythology , phorcys (; , " phorkus " ) is a primordial sea god , generally cited ( first in hesiod ) as the son of pontus and gaia . 
Euphrosyne ::   euphrosyne is a greek female name ; " phroso " or " froso " is its more common derivative . 
Phlegethon ::   in greek mythology , the river phlegethon ( φλεγέθων , english translation : " flaming " ) or pyriphlegethon ( πυριφλεγέθων , english translation : " fire - flaming " ) was one of the five rivers in the infernal regions of the underworld , along with the rivers styx , lethe , cocytus , and acheron . 
Cocytus ::   cocytus or kokytos ( , literally " lamentation " ) is a river in the underworld in greek mythology . 
SS-GB ::   ss - gb is an alternative history novel by len deighton , set in a united kingdom conquered and occupied by germany during the second world war . 
Chloe ::   chloe ( also " chloë " , " chloé " ) is a feminine name for girls , meaning ' blooming ' or ' fertility ' . 
Orosius ::   paulus orosius (; born 375 , died after 418 ad ) — less often paul orosius in english — was a gallaecian chalcedonian priest , historian and theologian , a student of augustine of hippo . 
Chronos ::   chronos (; , " time " , , also transliterated as " khronos " or latinised as chronus ) is the personification of time in pre - socratic philosophy and later literature . 
Telephassa ::   telephassa (; , " far - shining " ) , also spelled telephaassa (; ) and telephe (; ) , is a lunar epithet in greek mythology that is sometimes substituted for argiope the wife of agenor , according to his name a " leader of men " in phoenicia , and mother of cadmus . 
Cilix ::   cilix (; ) was , according to greek mythology , a son of agenor and telephassa or argiope and brother of cadmus , phoenix and europa . 
Cimmerians ::   the cimmerians ( also " kimmerians " , greek " kimmerioi " ) are an ancient people , who appeared about 1000 bc and are mentioned later in 8th century   bc in assyrian records . 
Priscillian ::   priscillian ( died c.385 ) was a wealthy nobleman of roman hispania who promoted a strict form of christian asceticism . 
Boeotia ::   boeotia , sometimes alternatively latinised as boiotia , or beotia ( or ; , , ; modern transliteration " voiotía " , also " viotía " , formerly " cadmeis " ) , is one of the regional units of greece . 
Pindar ::   pindar (; " pindaros " , ; ) ( c. 522 – c. 443 bc ) was an ancient greek lyric poet from thebes . 
Molise ::   molise ( ) is a region of southern italy . 
Cappadocia ::   cappadocia (; also " capadocia " ; , " kappadokía " , from ) is a historical region in central anatolia , largely in the nevşehir , kayseri , kırşehir , aksaray , and niğde provinces in turkey . 
Lychee ::   lychee ( variously spelled litchi , liechee , liche , lizhi or li zhi , or lichee ) ( " litchi chinensis " ; ) is the sole member of the genus " litchi " in the soapberry family , " sapindaceae " . 
Apollodorus ::   apollodorus ( greek : ἀπολλόδωρος " apollodoros " ) was a popular name in ancient greece . 
Uniq ::   uniq is a unix utility which , when fed a text file , outputs the file with adjacent identical lines collapsed to one . 
Sandman ::   the sandman is a mythical character in western and northern european folklore who puts people to sleep and brings good dreams by sprinkling magical sand onto the eyes of people while they sleep at night . 
Ecotourism ::   ecotourism is a form of tourism involving visiting fragile , pristine , and relatively undisturbed natural areas , intended as a low - impact and often small scale alternative to standard commercial mass tourism . 
Euboea ::   euboea or evia (; , " evvoia " , ; , " eúboia " , ) is the second - largest greek island in area and population , after crete . 
Rutaceae ::   the rutaceae are a family , commonly known as the rue or citrus family , of flowering plants , usually placed in the order sapindales . 
Axminster ::   axminster is a market town and civil parish on the eastern border of the county of devon in england , some from the county town of exeter . 
Cantaloupe ::   cantaloupe ( also muskmelon ( india and the united states ) , mushmelon , rockmelon , sweet melon , or spanspek ( south africa ) ) refers to a variety of the " cucumis melo " species in the cucurbitaceae family . 
Michelin ::   michelin (; ; full name : ) is a french tire manufacturer based in clermont - ferrand in the auvergne " région " of france . 
Mithridates ::   mithridates or mithradates ( old persian " mithradata " ) is the hellenistic form of an iranian theophoric name , meaning " given by the deity mithra " . 
Hipponax ::   hipponax (; " gen " . : 
Amarna ::   amarna ( ) is an extensive egyptian archaeological site that represents the remains of the capital city newly established and built by the pharaoh akhenaten of the late eighteenth dynasty , and abandoned shortly after his death ( 1332 bc ) . 
Touraine ::   touraine ( ) is one of the traditional provinces of france . 
Fsck ::   the system utility fsck ( " file system consistency check " ) is a tool for checking the consistency of a file system in unix and unix - like operating systems , such as linux , macos , and freebsd . 
Rodan ::   the japanese name " radon " is a contraction of " pteranodon " . 
Mímir ::   mímir ( old norse " the rememberer , the wise one " ) or mim is a figure in norse mythology renowned for his knowledge and wisdom who is beheaded during the æsir - vanir war . 
Clarius ::   clarius can refer to : 
Cydippe ::   the name cydippe ( ) is attributed to four individuals in greek mythology . 
Cleta ::   in greek mythology , cleta ( , " the glorious " ) or kleta , was one of the charites ( graces ) . 
Disfranchisement ::   disfranchisement ( also called disenfranchisement ) is the revocation of the right of suffrage ( the right to vote ) of a person or group of people , or through practices , prevention of a person exercising the right to vote . 
Coeus ::   in greek mythology , coeus ( , koios , " query , questioning " ) was one of the titans , the giant sons and daughters of uranus ( heaven ) and gaia ( earth ) . 
Baronet ::   a baronet ( or ; abbreviated bart or bt ) or the rare female equivalent , a baronetess ( , , or ; abbreviation btss ) , is the holder of a baronetcy , a hereditary title awarded by the british crown . 
Viscount ::   a viscount ( , for male ) or viscountess ( , for female ) is a title used in certain european countries for a noble of varying status , but historically deemed to convey a lower - middling rank . 
Baron ::   baron is a title of honour , often hereditary . 
Galli ::   a gallus ( pl . galli ) was a eunuch priest of the phrygian goddess cybele and her consort attis , whose worship was incorporated into the state religious practices of ancient rome . 
Oenone ::   in greek mythology , oenone (; greek : " oinōnē - οἰνώνη " " wine woman " ) was the first wife of paris of troy , whom he abandoned for the queen helen of sparta . 
Corythus ::   corythus is the name of six mortal men in greek mythology . 
Baptes ::   the baptes ( greek βάπτης ) were priests of the greek goddess kotys . 
Zelus ::   in greek mythology , zelus or zelos ( greek : ζῆλος , " zēlos " , literally " zeal " ) was the daimon son of pallas and styx . 
Crinisus ::   " this is also the name of a river in sicily , the river crinisus . " crinisus was a god in roman mythology . 
Cebren ::   cebren was a greek river - god , whose river was located near troy . 
Crius ::   in greek mythology , crius , kreios or krios ( , κριός ) was one of the titans in the list given in hesiod 's " theogony " , a son of uranus and gaia . 
Kronia ::   the kronia was an athenian festival held in honor of cronus ( kronos ) on the 12th day of hekatombaion , the first month of the attic calendar and roughly equivalent to the latter part of july and first part of august . 
IceWM ::   icewm is a stacking window manager for the x window system graphical infrastructure , written by marko maček . 
Knidos ::   knidos or cnidus (; , ) was an ancient greek city of caria and part of the dorian hexapolis , in south - western asia minor , modern - day turkey . 
Praxiteles ::   praxiteles (; greek : πραξιτέλης ) of athens , the son of cephisodotus the elder , was the most renowned of the attic sculptors of the 4th century bc . 
Shotacon ::   , short for , is japanese slang describing an attraction to young boys and is shota in manga . 
Satrap ::   satraps were the governors of the provinces of the ancient median and achaemenid empires and in several of their successors , such as in the sasanian empire and the hellenistic empires . 
Damocles ::   damocles (; " dāmoklē̂s " , literally : " fame of the people " ) is a figure featured in a single moral anecdote commonly referred to as " the sword of damocles " , an allusion to the imminent and ever - present peril faced by those in positions of power . 
Ethnomusicology ::   ethnomusicology is the study of music from the cultural and social aspects of the people who make it . 
Daphnis ::   in greek mythology , daphnis (; , from , " daphne " , " bay laurel " ) was a sicilian shepherd who was said to be the inventor of pastoral poetry . 
Dardanus ::   in greek mythology , dardanus (; greek : δάρδανος ) was a son of zeus ( in illyrius ) and electra ( daughter of atlas ) and founder of the city of dardanus at the foot of mount ida in the troad . 
Eragrostis ::   eragrostis is a large and widespread genus of plants in the grass family , found in many countries on all inhabited continents and many islands . 
Coldplay ::   coldplay are a british rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist and keyboardist chris martin and lead guitarist jonny buckland at university college london ( ucl ) . 
Phaedriades ::   in greece , the phaedriades ( φαιδριάδες , meaning " the shining ones " ) are the pair of cliffs , " ca " 700 m high on the lower southern slope of mt. parnassos , which rise above the sacred site of delphi . 
Thesmophoria ::   the thesmophoria was an ancient greek religious festival , held in honor of the goddess demeter and her daughter persephone . 
Buckwheat ::   buckwheat ( " fagopyrum esculentum " ) , also known as common buckwheat , japanese buckwheat and silverhull buckwheat , is a plant cultivated for its grain - like seeds and as a cover crop . 
Celeus ::   celeus or keleus ( ) was the king of eleusis in greek mythology , husband of metaneira and father of several daughters , who are called callidice , demo , cleisidice and callithoe in the homeric hymn to demeter , and diogeneia , pammerope and saesara by pausanias . 
Triptolemus ::   triptolemus ( , lit . " 
Metanira ::   in greek mythology , metanira ( , metaneira or metaenira ; also meganeira ) was a queen of eleusis and wife of celeus . 
Dodona ::   dodona ( doric greek : δωδώνα , " dōdṓna " , ionic and attic greek : δωδώνη , " dōdṓnē " ) in epirus in northwestern greece was the oldest hellenic oracle , possibly dating to the second millennium bce according to herodotus . 
Peleiades ::   peleiades ( greek : , " doves " ) were the sacred women of zeus and the mother goddess , dione , at the oracle at dodona . 
Commando ::   a commando is a soldier or operative of an elite light infantry or special operations force often specializing in amphibious landings , parachuting or abseiling . 
Venn ::   venn is the surname of : 
Knossos ::   knossos (; , " knōsós " , ) is the largest bronze age archaeological site on crete and has been called europe 's oldest city . 
Favorinus ::   favorinus of arelate ( c. 80 – c. 160 ad ) was a roman sophist and philosopher who flourished during the reign of hadrian and the second sophistic . 
Roskilde ::   roskilde ( ) , located west of copenhagen on the danish island of zealand , is the main city in roskilde municipality . 
Philostratus ::   philostratus or lucius flavius philostratus (; ; c. 170/172 – 247/250 ) , called " the athenian " , was a greek sophist of the roman imperial period . 
Botifarra ::   botifarra (; ; ) is a type of sausage and one of the most important dishes of the catalan cuisine . 
Yokohama ::   yokohama 's population of 3.7 million makes it japan 's largest city after the special wards of tokyo . 
Sacrifice ::   sacrifice is the offering of food , objects or the lives of animals to a higher purpose , in particular divine beings , as an act of propitiation or worship . 
Bezique ::   bezique ( ) or bésigue ( ) is a 19th - century french melding and trick - taking card game for two players . 
Muti ::   muti is a term for traditional medicine in southern africa as far north as lake tanganyika . 
Rimini ::   rimini (; romagnol dialect : " rémin " ; latin : " ariminum " ) is a city of 146,606 inhabitants in the emilia - romagna region of northern italy and capital city of the province of rimini . 
Health ::   health is the level of functional and metabolic efficiency of a living organism . 
Eurytus ::   eurytus ( ) , erytus ( ) , or eurytos ( εὔρυτος ) is the name of several characters in greek mythology , and of at least one historical figure . 
Hamadryad ::   a hamadryad (; ) is a greek mythological being that lives in trees . 
Iole ::   in greek mythology , iolë ( ) was the daughter of eurytus , king of the city oechalia . 
Amphissus ::   in greek mythology , amphissus was the product of apollo 's rape of dryope . 
Echidna ::   echidnas ( ) , sometimes known as spiny anteaters , belong to the family tachyglossidae in the monotreme order of egg - laying mammals . 
AK1200 ::   ak1200 is the stage name of florida - based musician dave minner working in the jungle and drum and bass genres . 
Gang ::   a gang is a group of friends or family with identifiable leadership and internal organization , identifying with or claiming control over territory in a community , and engaging either individually or collectively in illegal or violent behavior . 
Priscian ::   priscianus caesariensis ( ) , commonly known as priscian ( or ) , was a latin grammarian and the author of the " institutes of grammar " which was the standard textbook for the study of latin during the middle ages . 
Panegyric ::   a panegyric is a formal public speech , or ( in later use ) written verse , delivered in high praise of a person or thing , a generally highly studied and undiscriminating eulogy , not expected to be critical . 
Olympiodorus ::   there are several late - roman figures named olympiodorus : 
Rapeman ::   rapeman was an american noise rock band founded in 1987 and disbanded in 1989 . 
Statius ::   publius papinius statius (; c. 45c . 96 
Ausonius ::   decimus " or " decimius magnus ausonius (; – 
Stilicho ::   flavius stilicho ( occasionally written as stilico ; c. 359 – 22 august 408 ) was a high - ranking general ( " magister militum " ) in the roman army who became , for a time , the most powerful man in the western roman empire . 
Euric ::   euric ( gothic : " aiwareiks " ) , also known as evaric , or eurico in spanish and portuguese ( c. 440 – 28 december 484 ) , son of theodoric i , he ruled as king ( " rex " ) of the visigoths , after murdering his brother , theodoric ii , from 466 until his death in 484 . 
Eiresione ::   in greek mythology , eiresione ( greek : εἰρεσιώνη , from εἶρος - " eiros " , " wool " ) was the personification of an object very important in many greek rituals and ceremonies : a branch of olive or laurel , covered with wool , fruits , cakes and olive flasks , dedicated to apollo and carried about by singing boys during the festivals of pyanopsia and thargelia , and afterwards hung up at the house door . 
Kokkola ::   kokkola ( ) is a town and municipality of finland . 
Electra ::   in greek mythology , elektra (; , " ēlektra " " amber " ) was the daughter of king agamemnon and queen clytemnestra , and thus princess of argos . 
Iphianassa ::   in greek mythology , iphianassa (; " īphianassa " " strong queen " ) is a name that refers to several characters . 
Strophius ::   in greek mythology , strophius , son of crisus , was a king of phocis , husband of the sister of agamemnon ( whose name was either anaxibia , astyocheia or cydragora ) and , by her , father of pylades and astydameia . 
Pylades ::   in greek mythology , pylades (; ) is the son of king strophius of phocis and of anaxibia , who is the daughter of atreus and sister of agamemnon and menelaus . 
Chrysothemis ::   chrysothemis or khrysothemis (; , " golden justice " ) , is a name ascribed to several characters in greek mythology . " 
Atreus ::   in greek mythology , atreus ( , ; , from ἀ- , " no " and τρέω , " tremble " , " fearless " , ) was a king of mycenae in the peloponnese , the son of pelops and hippodamia , and the father of agamemnon and menelaus . 
Calchas ::   in greek mythology , calchas (; " kalkhas " , possibly meaning " bronze - man " ) , son of thestor , was an argive seer , with a gift for interpreting the flight of birds that he received of apollo : " as an augur , calchas had no rival in the camp " . 
Aerope ::   in greek mythology , aerope ( ancient greek : ἀερόπη ) was a daughter of catreus , the king of crete , and sister to clymene , apemosyne and althaemenes . 
Thyestes ::   in greek mythology , thyestes ( pronounced , , ) was the son of pelops and hippodamia . 
Pelopia ::   in greek mythology , pelopia ( or pelopea or pelopeia ; ) was a name attributed to four individuals : pelopia , less commonly known as mnesiphae , was the daughter of thyestes . 
Tyndareus ::   in greek mythology , tyndareus (; ancient greek : τυνδάρεος , attic τυνδάρεως ) was a spartan king . 
Hippocoon ::   in greek mythology , the name hippocoön (; ) refers to several characters : 
Oebalus ::   in greek mythology , king oebalus (; ancient greek : οἴβαλος ) of sparta , son of cynortas , was the second husband of princess gorgophone and thus son - in - law of hero perseus . 
Philonoe ::   in greek mythology , there were two women known as philonoe ( ) or phylonoe ( ): 
Pleisthenes ::   in greek mythology , pleisthenes ( ) is the name of several different people descended from tantalus . 
Briseis ::   brisēís (; , ; also known as hippodameia , ) was a mythical queen in asia minor at the time of the trojan war . 
Chryseis ::   in greek mythology , chryseis ( , , ) was a trojan woman , the daughter of chryses . 
Chryses ::   in greek mythology , chryses (; " khrúsēs " ) was a trojan priest of apollo at chryse , near the city of troy . 
Eleusinion ::   an athenian temple to demeter , the eleusinion was the place where all sacred objects associated with the eleusinian mysteries were kept between ceremonies . 
Iambe ::   iambe ( ) in greek mythology was a thracian woman , daughter of pan and echo , granddaughter of hermes , and a servant of metaneira , the wife of hippothoon . 
Iacchus ::   in ancient greek religion and mythology , iacchus ( also iacchos , iakchos ) ( ) was a minor deity , of some cultic importance , particularly at athens and eleusis in connection with the eleusinian mysteries , but without any significant mythology . 
Kykeon ::   kykeon ( gr . 
Telesterion ::   a great hall in eleusis , telesterion ( " initiation hall " from gr . 
Eumolpidae ::   the eumolpidae ( , " eumolpidai " ) were a family of priests at eleusis who maintained the eleusinian mysteries during the hellenic era . 
Kerykes ::   the kerykes ( , pl . of , 
Eleusis ::   eleusis ( " elefsina " , ancient greek : " eleusis " ) is a town and municipality in west attica , greece . 
Prorrhesis ::   a part of the eleusinian mysteries , prorrhesis was the official announcement of the start of the rites . 
Bacchoi ::   in the eleusinian mysteries , the bakchoi were the branches that initiates carried during their procession along the sacred way , the twenty - one kilometer hike from athens to eleusis . 
Upanishads ::   the upanishads (; ) , a part of the vedas , are ancient sanskrit texts that contain some of the central philosophical concepts and ideas of hinduism , some of which are shared with buddhism , jainism , and sikhism . 
Anarcho-punk ::   anarcho - punk ( or anarchist punk ) is punk rock that promotes anarchism . 
Jeeves ::   reginald jeeves is a fictional character in a series of humorous short stories and novels by p. g. wodehouse ( 1881–1975 ) , being the highly competent valet of a wealthy and idle young londoner named bertie wooster . 
Insectivora ::   the order insectivora ( from latin " insectum " " insect " and " vorare " " to eat " ) is a now - abandoned biological grouping within the class of mammals . 
Vaucluse ::   the vaucluse ( ; in classical norm or " vau - cluso " in mistralian norm ) is a department in the southeast of france , named after the famous spring , the fontaine - de - vaucluse . 
Cher ::   cher (; born cherilyn sarkisian ; may 20 , 1946 ) is an american singer and actress . 
Vár ::   in norse mythology , vár or vór ( old norse , meaning either " pledge " or " beloved " ) is a goddess associated with oaths and agreements . 
Mató ::   mató ( ) is a fresh cheese of catalonia made from cows ' or goats ' milk , with no salt added . 
Vitoria-Gasteiz ::   vitoria - gasteiz ( , , ) is the seat of government and the capital city of the basque autonomous community and of the province of araba / álava in northern spain . 
Uthman ::   uthman ibn affan ( ) , also known in english by the turkish and persian rendering , osman , ( 579–17 june 656 ) , was a companion of the islamic prophet muhammad and the third of the " rashidun " , or " rightly guided caliphs . 
Driving ::   driving is the controlled operation and movement of a motorized vehicle with wheels , such as a car , motorcycle , truck , or bus by either a human or computer controller . 
Umar ::   umar ( ) , also spelled omar (; ; c. 584 ce 3 november 644 ce ) , was one of the most powerful and influential muslim caliphs in history . 
Teleology ::   teleology or finality is a reason or explanation for something in function of its end , purpose or goal . 
Softball ::   < nowiki > < 
SCART ::   scart ( from – radio and television receiver manufacturers ' association ) is a french - originated standard and associated 21-pin connector for connecting audio - visual ( av ) equipment . 
Kurdistan ::   kurdistan ( or ) (; ; lit . " 
XPCOM ::   cross platform component object model ( xpcom ) is a cross - platform component model from mozilla . 
Rhône ::   the rhône (; ; ; walliser german : " rotten " ; ; ; ) is one of the major rivers of europe and has twice the average discharge of the loire ( which is the longest french river ) , rising in the rhône glacier in the swiss alps at the far eastern end of the swiss canton of valais , passing through lake geneva and running through southeastern france . 
Calvados ::   calvados ( ) is an apple brandy from the normandy region in france . 
Breadboard ::   a breadboard is a construction base for prototyping of electronics . 
Rupelmonde ::   rupelmonde is a town in the municipality of kruibeke , in the belgian province of east flanders . 
IANAL ::   ianal is a usenet and chat abbreviation ( initialism ) for " i am not a lawyer " . 
Seashell ::   a seashell or sea shell , also known simply as a shell , is a hard , protective outer layer created by an animal that lives in the sea . 
XML-RPC ::   xml - rpc is a remote procedure call ( rpc ) protocol which uses xml to encode its calls and http as a transport mechanism . 
RPC ::   rpc can refer to : 
Liroy ::   piotr krzysztof liroy - marzec ( born july 12 , 1971 in busko zdrój , poland as piotr krzysztof marzec ) , better known as liroy ( leeroy ) , is a polish rapper and politician . 
Lucasfilm ::   lucasfilm ltd. llc is an american film and television production company based in the letterman digital arts center in san francisco , california . 
Klagenfurt ::   klagenfurt am wörthersee (; , , ) is the capital of the federal state of carinthia in austria . 
Unas ::   unas or wenis , also spelled unis ( hellenized form oenas or onnos ) , was an ancient egyptian pharaoh , the ninth and last ruler of the fifth dynasty during the old kingdom period . 
Eleutherios ::   eleutherios ( , " the liberator " ) is an epithet of : it is also used as a first name in modern greek ( alternatively transliterated as eleftherios , in the short form lefteris ) : 
Elpis ::   in greek mythology , elpis ( ) is the personification and spirit of hope ( usually seen as an extension to suffering by the greek , not as a god ) , perhaps a child of nyx and mother of pheme , the goddess of fame , renown and rumor . 
Empusa ::   empusa ( , " empousa " , of unknown meaning ) is a demigoddess of greek mythology . 
Selene ::   in greek mythology , selene (; ' moon ' ; ) is the goddess of the moon . 
Epaphus ::   in greek mythology , epaphus (; ) , also called apis , was a king of egypt . 
Tyro ::   in greek mythology , tyro ( ) was a thessalian princess . 
Salmoneus ::   in greek mythology , salmoneus (; ) was a king of elis and founded the city of salmone in pisatis . 
Cretheus ::   in greek mythology , cretheus (; " krētheus " ) was the king and founder of iolcus , the son of aeolus ( son of hellen ) and enarete . 
Matra ::   mécanique aviation traction or matra ( " m"écanique " a"viation " tra"ction ) was a french company covering a wide range of activities mainly related to automobiles , bicycles , aeronautics and weaponry . 
Sidero ::   in greek mythology , sidero ( , " the iron one " ) was the second wife of salmoneus and stepmother of tyro , whom she mistreated . 
Aeson ::   in greek mythology , aeson ( " aísōn " ) was a king of iolcus in thessaly . 
Argo ::   in greek mythology , the argo (; in greek : , meaning ' swift ' ) was the ship on which jason and the argonauts sailed from iolcos to colchis to retrieve the golden fleece . 
Alpes-Maritimes ::   alpes - maritimes (; ; ) is a department of the provence - alpes - côte d'azur region in the extreme southeast corner of france . 
Gorgon ::   in greek mythology , a gorgon (; plural : gorgons , " gorgon"/"gorgo " ) is a female creature . 
Citrullus ::   citrullus is a genus of seven species of desert vines , among which " citrullus lanatus " ( the watermelon ) is an important crop . 
Luffa ::   luffa is a genus of tropical and subtropical vines in the cucumber ( cucurbitaceae ) family . 
Iolaus ::   in greek mythology , iolaus ( " iólaos " ) was a theban divine hero , son of iphicles and automedusa . 
Symplegades ::   the symplegades (; , " symplēgádes " ) or clashing rocks , also known as the cyanean rocks , were , according to greek mythology , a pair of rocks at the bosphorus that clashed together when somebody went through . 
Iphicles ::   in greek mythology , iphicles ( or ; " iphikles " ) was the half maternal twin brother of heracles , being the son of alcmene and her human husband amphitryon , whereas heracles was her son by zeus . 
Enyalius ::   enyalius or enyalios ( greek : ) in greek mythology is generally a son of ares by enyo and also a byname of ares the god of war . 
Tithonus ::   in greek mythology , tithonus ( or ; ) was the lover of eos , goddess of the dawn . 
Epicaste ::   epicaste (; " epikaste " ) or epicasta ( ) is a name attributed to four women in greek mythology . 
Epimenides ::   epimenides of knossos ( crete ) (; ) was a semi - mythical 7th or 6th century bc greek seer and philosopher - poet . 
Erebus ::   in greek mythology , erebus , also erebos ( , " deep darkness , shadow " ) , was often conceived as a primordial deity , representing the personification of darkness ; for instance , hesiod 's " theogony " identifies him as one of the first five beings in existence , born of chaos . 
Spectrograph ::   a spectrograph is an instrument that separates light into a frequency spectrum and records the signal using a camera . 
Dishwasher ::   a dishwasher is a mechanical device for cleaning dishware and cutlery . 
Calotype ::   calotype or talbotype is an early photographic process introduced in 1841 by william henry fox talbot , using paper coated with silver iodide . 
Cfront ::   cfront was the original compiler for c++ ( then known as " c with classes " ) from around 1983 , which converted c++ to c ; developed by bjarne stroustrup . 
Pheres ::   in greek mythology , pheres ( ) , son of cretheus and tyro and brother of aeson and amythaon , was the founder of pherae in thessaly . 
Mezcal ::   mezcal ( or mescal ) ( ) is a distilled alcoholic beverage made from any type of agave plant native to mexico . 
Acastus ::   acastus (; ) is a character in greek mythology . 
Proposition ::   the term proposition has a broad use in contemporary philosophy . 
Cannes ::   cannes ( , ; ) is a city located on the french riviera . 
Ersa ::   in greek mythology , ersa or herse ( " dew " ) is the goddess of dew and the daughter of zeus and the moon ( selene ) , sister of pandia and half - sister to endymion 's 50 daughters . 
Acrisius ::   in greek mythology , acrisius (; ) was a king of argos . 
Laelaps ::   the name laelaps is a name attributed to the following : 
Talos ::   in greek mythology , talos (; , " talōs " ) or talon (; , " talōn " ) was a giant automaton made of bronze to protect europa in crete from pirates and invaders . 
Oeagrus ::   in greek mythology , oeagrus ( ) , son of pierus or tharops , was a king of thrace . 
Gordias ::   gordias ( " gordías " ; also γόρδιος " górdios " , " gordius " ) was the name of at least two members of the royal house of phrygia . 
Eurynome ::   eurynomê ( , from , " eurys " , " broad " and , " nomos " , " pasture " or " law " ) is a name that refers to the following characters in greek mythology : 
Evadne ::   in greek mythology , evadne ( ) was a name attributed to the following individuals : 
Iamus ::   in greek mythology , iamus was the son of evadne , a daughter of poseidon , sired by apollo 
Capaneus ::   in greek mythology , capaneus ( ) was a son of hipponous and either astynome ( daughter of talaus ) or laodice ( daughter of iphis ) , and husband of evadne , with whom he fathered sthenelus . 
Hipponous ::   in greek mythology , hipponous ( ἱππόνοος ) referred to several people : 
Yello ::   yello is a swiss electronic band consisting of dieter meier and boris blank . 
Crotone ::   crotone ( ; ) is a city and " comune " in calabria . 
Ruthenia ::   ruthenia (; , , , ) is a proper geographical exonym for kievan rus ' and other , more local , historical states . 
Cross-platform ::   in computing , cross - platform software ( also multi - platform software or platform - independent software ) is computer software that is implemented on multiple computing platforms . 
Fading ::   in wireless communications , fading is variation of the attenuation of a signal with various variables . 
Aerobiology ::   aerobiology ( from greek ἀήρ , " aēr " , " air " ; βίος , " bios " , " life " ; and -λογία , " -logia " ) is a branch of biology that studies organic particles , such as bacteria , fungal spores , very small insects , pollen grains and viruses , which are passively transported by the air . 
Bookmarklet ::   a bookmarklet is a bookmark stored in a web browser that contains javascript commands that add new features to the browser . 
Pyrometer ::   a pyrometer is a type of remote - sensing thermometer used to measure the temperature of a surface . 
Glendalough ::   glendalough (; ) is a glacial valley in county wicklow , ireland , renowned for an early medieval monastic settlement founded in the 6th century by st kevin . 
Fritillaria ::   fritillaria ( fritillaries ) is a genus of spring flowering bulbous perennial plants in the lily family ( liliaceae ) . 
Aqua-lung ::   aqua - lung was the original english name of the first open - circuit , self - contained underwater breathing apparatus ( or " scuba " ) to reach worldwide popularity and commercial success . 
AWeb ::   aweb is a web browser for the amiga range of computers . 
IBrowse ::   ibrowse is a mui - based web browser for the amiga range of computers , and was a rewritten follow - on to amiga mosaic , one of the first web browsers for the amiga computer . 
Vulcano ::   vulcano ( ) is a small volcanic island in the tyrrhenian sea , about north of sicily and the southernmost of the eight aeolian islands . 
Volcanism ::   volcanism is the phenomenon of eruption of molten rock ( magma ) onto the surface of the earth or a solid - surface planet or moon , where lava , pyroclastics and volcanic gases erupt through a break in the surface called a vent . 
Shanxi ::   shanxi (; postal : shansi ) is a province of china , located in the north china region . 
Xi'an ::   xi'an ( ) is the capital of shaanxi province , people 's republic of china . 
Soissons ::   soissons ( ) is a commune in the aisne department in hauts - de - france in northern france , located on the aisne river , about northeast of paris . 
Jorune ::   jorune is the fictional planet used as a setting for the " skyrealms of jorune " role - playing game . 
Mir ::   mir ( , ; lit . 
Noyon ::   noyon ( , noviomagus of the veromandui ) is a commune in the oise department in northern france . 
Luigi ::   luigi first appeared in the 1983 arcade game " mario bros. " as the character controlled by the second player , and retained this role in " super mario bros. " , " super mario bros. 3 " , " super mario world " , and other titles . 
Mario ::   the " mario " franchise is the best - selling video game franchise of all time . 
Innu ::   the innu ( or montagnais ) are the aboriginal inhabitants of an area in canada they refer to as " nitassinan " ( “ our land ” ) , which comprises most of the northeastern portion of the province of quebec and some eastern portions of labrador . 
Yoshi ::   shigeru miyamoto stated that nintendo had wanted mario to have a dinosaur companion ever since the first release of " super mario bros. " ; however , it was not possible because of the limitations of the nes . 
Nitassinan ::   nitassinan is the ancestral homeland of the innu , an indigenous people of eastern quebec and labrador , canada . 
Township ::   the word township is used to refer to various kinds of settlements in different countries . 
Naskapi ::   the naskapi ( nascapi , naskapee , nascapee ) or naskapi innu are the innu first nation inhabitants of an area referred to by many innu to as nitassinan , which comprises most of what other canadians refer to as eastern quebec and labrador , canada . 
Storytelling ::   storytelling is the social and cultural activity of sharing stories , often with improvisation , theatrics , or embellishment . 
Kahuna ::   kahuna is a hawaiian word , defined in as a " priest , sorcerer , magician , wizard , minister , expert in any profession " . 
Riot/Clone ::   riot / clone was a punk band often associated with the anarcho - punk scene , active from 1979–1983 and then revived in the early 90 's until they split up again in 2005 . 
Ilford ::   ilford is a town in east london , england , located east of charing cross . 
Nitaskinan ::   nitaskinan is the ancestral homeland of the atikamekw people . 
Laomedon ::   in greek mythology , laomedon (; ) was a trojan king , son of ilus , nephew of ganymede and assaracus , and father of priam , astyoche , lampus , hicetaon , clytius , cilla , proclia , aethilla , medesicaste , clytodora , and hesione . 
Teotihuacan ::   teotihuacan , also written teotihuacán ( , ) , is an ancient mesoamerican city located in a sub - valley of the valley of mexico , located in the state of mexico northeast of modern - day mexico city , known today as the site of many of the most architecturally significant mesoamerican pyramids built in the pre - columbian americas . 
Wiiija ::   wiiija was a british independent record label founded in 1988 by staff from the rough trade shop in notting hill , london . 
Parlophone ::   parlophone records limited ( also known as parlophone records and parlophone ) is a german - british major record label founded in germany in 1896 by the carl lindström company as parlophon . 
LIGO ::   the laser interferometer gravitational - wave observatory ( ligo ) is a large - scale physics experiment and observatory to detect cosmic gravitational waves and to develop gravitational - wave observations as an astronomical tool . 
Lipoamide ::   lipoamide is a trivial name for 6,8-dithiooctanoic amide . 
Geryon ::   in greek mythology , geryon ( or ; also geryone ; , " genitive " : γηρυόνος ) , son of chrysaor and callirrhoe , the grandson of medusa and nephew of pegasus , was a fearsome giant who dwelt on the island erytheia of the mythic hesperides in the far west of the mediterranean . 
Orthrus ::   in greek mythology , orthrus ( , " orthros " ) or orthus ( , " orthos " ) was , according to the mythographer apollodorus , a two - headed dog who guarded geryon 's cattle and was killed by heracles . 
Glauce ::   in greek mythology , glauce (; ancient greek : γλαυκή " blue - gray " ) , latin glauca , refers to different people : 
Glutathione ::   glutathione ( gsh ) is an important antioxidant in plants , animals , fungi , and some bacteria and archaea . 
Ourea ::   in greek mythology , the ourea ( " mountains , " plural of ) were progeny of gaia , members of the greek primordial deities , who were the first - born elemental gods and goddesses . 
Thiol ::   in organic chemistry , a thiol ( , ) is an organosulfur compound that contains a carbon - bonded sulfhydryl ( r – sh ) group ( where r represents an alkyl or other organic substituent ) . 
Unimog ::   unimog is a range of multi - purpose all - wheel drive medium trucks produced by daimler ( formerly daimler - benz ) and sold under the brand name mercedes - benz . 
Dehydrogenase ::   a dehydrogenase ( also called dh or dhase in the literature ) is an enzyme belonging to the group of oxidoreductases that oxidizes a substrate by reducing an electron acceptor , usually nad / nadp or a flavin coenzyme such as fad or fmn . 
Minthe ::   in greek mythology , minthe ( also menthe , mintha or mentha ; ) was a naiad associated with the river cocytus . 
Haemus ::   in greek mythology , king haemus of thrace (; , " haîmos " ) was the son of boreas . 
Rhodope ::   rhodope may mean : 
Iasion ::   in greek mythology , iasion ( , 
Harpocrates ::   harpocrates ( ) was the god of silence , secrets and confidentiality in the hellenistic religion developed in ptolemaic alexandria ( and also an embodiment of hope , according to plutarch ) . 
Assisi ::   assisi ( , from the ) is a town and " comune " of italy in the province of perugia in the umbria region , on the western flank of monte subasio . 
Myrrha ::   myrrha ( greek : ) , also known as smyrna ( greek : ) , is the mother of adonis in greek mythology . 
Theias ::   in greek mythology , theias ( ) was the king of assyria and father of myrrha and adonis . 
Helenus ::   in greek mythology , helenus (; ) was the son of king priam and queen hecuba of troy , and the twin brother of the prophetess cassandra . 
Dymas ::   in greek mythology , dymas ( ancient greek : δύμας ) is the name attributed to the following individuals : 
Melampus ::   in greek mythology , melampus ( , " melampous " ) , was a legendary soothsayer and healer , originally of pylos , who ruled at argos . 
Neoptolemus ::   neoptolemus (; greek : νεοπτόλεμος , " neoptolemos " , " new warrior " ) , also called pyrrhus (; πύρρος , " pyrrhos " , " red " , for his red hair ) , was the son of the warrior achilles and the princess deidamia in greek mythology , and also the mythical progenitor of the ruling dynasty of the molossians of ancient epirus . 
Olympias ::   olympias ( , , c. 375–316 bc ) was a daughter of king neoptolemus i of epirus , the fourth wife of the king of the ancient greek kingdom of macedonia , philip ii , and mother of alexander the great . 
Andromache ::   in greek mythology , andromache (; , " andromákhē " ) was the wife of hector , daughter of eetion , and sister to podes . 
Astyanax ::   in greek mythology , astyanax (; " astyánax " , " protector of the city " ) was the son of hector , the crown prince of troy and husband of princess andromache of cilician thebe . 
Appaloosa ::   the appaloosa is an american horse breed best known for its colorful spotted coat pattern . 
Ziggurat ::   a ziggurat ( ; akkadian : ' , d - stem of ' " to build on a raised area " ) is a massive structure built in ancient mesopotamia . 
Eurytion ::   eurytion ( , " widely honoured " ) or eurythion ( ) was a name attributed to six individuals in greek mythology : 
Thessalus ::   in greek mythology , the name thessalus is attributed to three individuals , all of whom were considered possible eponyms of thessaly . 
Astydameia ::   in greek mythology , astydameia astydamea or astydamia ( ancient greek : αστυδάμεια , derived from " astu " " town " and " damao " " to tame " ) is a name attributed to five individuals : 
Phocus ::   phocus ( ) was the name of the eponymous hero of phocis in greek mythology . 
Periboea ::   in greek mythology , the name periboea ( " surrounded by cattle " derived from " peri " " around " and " boes " " cattle " ) refers to multiple figures : 
Antilochus ::   in greek mythology , antilochus ( greek : ἀντίλοχος , " antílokhos " ) was the son of nestor , king of pylos , and was one of the acheans in the trojan war . 
Typhon ::   typhon (; , " tuphōn " ) , also typhoeus (; , " tuphōeus " ) , typhaon ( , " tuphaōn " ) or typhos ( , " tuphōs " ) , was a monstrous serpentine giant and the most deadly creature in greek mythology . 
Lyre ::   the lyre ( , " lýra " ) is a string instrument known for its use in greek classical antiquity and later periods . 
Laertes ::   in greek mythology , laertes (; , " laértēs " ) was the son of arcesius and chalcomedusa . 
Arcesius ::   in greek mythology , arcesius ( also spelled arceisius or arkeisios ; ) was the son of either zeus or cephalus , and king in ithaca . 
Solipsism ::   solipsism (; ) is the philosophical idea that only one 's own mind is sure to exist . 
Babel-17 ::   babel-17 is a 1966 science fiction novel by american writer samuel r. delany in which the sapir – whorf hypothesis ( that language influences thought and perception ) plays an important part . 
Lagoon ::   a lagoon is a shallow body of water separated from a larger body of water by barrier islands or reefs . 
Patmos ::   patmos ( , ) is a small greek island in the aegean sea , most famous for being the location of both the vision of and the writing of the christian bible 's book of revelation . 
Amiens ::   amiens ( ) is a city and commune in northern france , north of paris and south - west of lille . 
Amoraim ::   amoraim ( aramaic : plural , singular amora ; " those who say " or " those who speak over the people " , or " spokesmen " ) refers to the jewish scholars of the period from about 200 to 500 ce , who " said " or " told over " the teachings of the oral torah . 
Fife ::   fife (; ) is a council area and historic county of scotland . 
Scrophulariaceae ::   the scrophulariaceae is a family of flowering plants , commonly known as the figwort family . 
Acanthaceae ::   acanthaceae is a family ( the acanthus family ) of dicotyledonous flowering plants containing almost 250 genera and about 2500 species . 
Sinon ::   in greek mythology , sinon ( greek : " σίνων " , from the verb " σίνομαι"—"sinomai " , " to harm , to hurt " ) a son of aesimus ( son of autolycus ) , or of the crafty sisyphus , was a greek warrior during the trojan war . 
Epeius ::   there were two characters named epeius (; ) or epeus in greek mythology . 
Telegonus ::   telegonus ( greek : τηλέγονος , " born afar " ) is the name of three different characters in greek mythology . 
Picus ::   picus was a figure in roman mythology , was the first king of latium . 
Latinus ::   latinus (; ) was a figure in both greek and roman mythology . 
Lotus-eaters ::   in greek mythology the lotus - eaters ( , " lōtophagoi " ) , also referred to as the lotophagi or lotophaguses ( singular " lotophagus " ) or lotophages ( singular " lotophage " ) , were a race of people living on an island dominated by lotus plants . 
Diomedes ::   diomedes ( or ) or diomede (; ) is a hero in greek mythology , known for his participation in the trojan war . 
Tydeus ::   in greek mythology , tydeus (; " tūdeus " ) was an aeolian hero of the generation before the trojan war . 
Mentes ::   mentes can refer to : mentes is the surname of : 
Acamas ::   acamas or akamas (; ancient greek : ἀκάμας , folk etymology : " unwearying " ) was a name attributed to several characters in greek mythology . 
Eetion ::   in greek mythology , eëtion ( " ēetíōn " ) was the king of the cilician thebe . 
Scamander ::   scamander , skamandros ( ancient greek : σκάμανδρος , ) xanthos ( ξάνθος ) , was the name of a river god in greek mythology . 
Protesilaus ::   in greek mythology , protesilaus ( , " prōtesilāos " ) was a hero in the " iliad " who was venerated at cult sites in thessaly and thrace . 
Sarpedon ::   sarpedon (; , " sarpedonos " ) was a common name in ancient greece and in the roman empire . 
Patroclus ::   in greek mythology , as recorded in homer 's " iliad " , patroclus (; ; " glory of the father " ) was the son of menoetius , grandson of actor , king of opus . 
Polymestor ::   in greek mythology , polymestor or polymnestor ( ) was a king of thrace . 
Polydorus ::   in greek mythology , polydorus ( or ; , i.e. " many - gift[ed ] " ) or polydoros referred to several different people . 
Labdacus ::   in greek mythology , labdacus ( ) was the only son of polydorus and a king of thebes . 
Pulsejet ::   a pulsejet engine ( or pulse jet ) is a type of jet engine in which combustion occurs in pulses . 
Colchis ::   colchis (; " kolkheti " ; greek " kolkhis " ) was an ancient kingdom and region on the coast of the black sea , centred in present - day western georgia . 
Metacharacter ::   a metacharacter is a character that has a special meaning ( instead of a literal meaning ) to a computer program , such as a shell interpreter or a regular expression engine . 
Chazuke ::   chazuke ( 茶漬け , ちゃづけ ) or ochazuke ( お茶漬け , from ( o)"cha " ' tea ' + " tsuke " ' submerge ' ) is a simple japanese dish made by pouring green tea , dashi , or hot water over cooked rice . 
Preprocessor ::   in computer science , a preprocessor is a program that processes its input data to produce output that is used as input to another program . 
Cycnus ::   in greek mythology , multiple characters were known as cycnus ( κύκνος ) or cygnus . 
Tenes ::   in greek mythology , tenes or tennes ( ) was the eponymous hero of the island of tenedos . 
Oileus ::   in greek mythology , oileus or oïleus ( , " oī̈leús " ) was the king of locris , and an argonaut . 
Philoctetes ::   philoctetes ( , " philoktētēs " ; english pronunciation : , stressed on the third syllable , " -tet- " ) , or philocthetes , according to greek mythology , was the son of king poeas of meliboea in thessaly . 
Podalirius ::   in greek mythology , podalirius or podaleirius ( ) was a son of asclepius . 
Stentor ::   in greek mythology , stentor ( greek : στέντωρ ; " gen " . : 
Yenisey-2 ::   yenisey-2 may mean 
Idomeneus ::   in greek mythology , idomeneus (; ) was a cretan commander , father of orsilochus , cleisithyra and iphiclus , son of deucalion and cleopatra , grandson of minos and king of crete . 
Otello ::   otello ( ) is an opera in four acts by giuseppe verdi to an italian libretto by arrigo boito , based on shakespeare 's play " othello " . 
Icarius ::   in greek mythology , there were two people named icarius (; " ikários " ) . 
Talaus ::   in greek mythology , talaus ( ) was the king of argos and one of the argonauts . 
Envisat ::   envisat ( " environmental satellite " ) is a large inactive earth - observing satellite which is still in orbit 
Clematis ::   clematis is a genus of about 300 species within the buttercup family ranunculaceae . 
Eumelus ::   eumelus was the name of : 
Southwold ::   southwold is a small town on the english north sea coast in the waveney district of suffolk . 
Rhodos ::   in greek mythology , rhodos/ rhodus ( ) or rhode ( ) , was the goddess and personification of the island of rhodes and a wife of the sun god helios . 
Heliadae ::   in greek mythology , the heliadae or heliadai (; greek : " ἡλιάδαι " ) were the seven sons of helios and rhodos and grandsons of poseidon , brothers to electryone . 
Crinacus ::   in greek mythology , crinacus was the son of zeus , and the father of macar . 
Triopas ::   in greek mythology , triopas or triops or ( , gen . : 
Actis ::   in greek mythology , actis ( ἀκτίς ) was one of the heliadae , a son of rhodos and helios . 
Candalus ::   in greek mythology , candalus was one of the heliadae , a son of rhodos and helios . 
Tenages ::   in greek mythology , tenages ( or tenage ) was one of the heliadae , a son of rhodos and helios . 
Ochimus ::   in greek mythology , ochimus was the eldest of the heliadae , sons of helios and rhodos . 
Cercaphus ::   in greek mythology , cercaphus was one of the heliadae , sons of helios and rhodos . 
Hegetoria ::   in greek mythology , hegetoria was a local nymph at rhodes who married ochimus . 
Ocridion ::   in greek mythology , ocridion was a mortal who was engaged to cydippe , daughter of ochimus . 
Bioprospecting ::   bioprospecting is the process of discovery and commercialization of new products based on biological resources . 
Heliades ::   in greek mythology , the heliades ( , " children of the sun " ) were the daughters of helios and clymene the oceanid . 
Bourges ::   bourges ( ) is a city in central france on the yèvre river . 
Hellen ::   in greek mythology , hellēn (; " bright " ) was the progenitor of the hellenes ( ) . 
Xuthus ::   in greek mythology , xuthus ( or ; " xouthos " ) was a king of peloponnesus and founder ( through his sons ) of the achaean and ionian nations . 
Hemera ::   in greek mythology hemera (; " day " ) was the personification of day and one of the greek primordial deities . 
Wuhan ::   wuhan ( ) is the capital of hubei province , china , and is the most populous city in central china . 
Nyx ::   nyx (; , " night " ; ) is the greek goddess ( or personification ) of the night . 
Hermaphroditus ::   in greek mythology , hermaphroditus or hermaphroditos ( ) was the son of aphrodite and hermes . 
Salmacis ::   in greek mythology , salmacis ( ) was an atypical naiad who rejected the ways of the virginal greek goddess artemis in favour of vanity and idleness . 
Avianca ::   avianca s.a. ( acronym in spanish for " ") , airways of the american continent , is a colombian airline that has been the national airline and flag carrier of colombia since 5 december 1919 , when it was initially registered under the name scadta . 
QA ::   qa may stand for : 
Sicyon ::   sicyon (; ; " gen " . : σικυῶνος ) was an ancient greek city state situated in the northern peloponnesus between corinth and achaea on the territory of the present - day regional unit of corinthia . 
Martinair ::   martinair , legally " martinair holland n.v. " , is a dutch cargo airline headquartered and based at amsterdam airport schiphol and a subsidiary of air france - klm . 
Tsarina ::   tsaritsa , tsarina or " ' ( , ) ' tsaritsa " , formerly " tsaritsa " ) is the title of a female autocratic ruler ( monarch ) of bulgaria , serbia or russia , or the title of a tsar 's wife . 
Blackwork ::   blackwork , sometimes historically termed spanish blackwork , is a form of embroidery generally using black thread , although other colors are also used on occasion . 
Cajanus ::   the genus cajanus is a member of the plant family fabaceae . 
Duma ::   a duma ( дума ) is a russian assembly with advisory or legislative functions . 
Banten ::   banten is the westernmost province on the island of java , in indonesia . 
Factorization ::   in mathematics , factorization ( also factorisation in some forms of british english ) or factoring is the decomposition of a mathematical object ( for example , a number , a polynomial , or a matrix ) into a product of other objects , or " factors " , which when multiplied together give the original . 
Mockumentary ::   a mockumentary ( a portmanteau of mock and documentary ) or docucomedy is a type of movie or television show depicting fictional events but presented as a documentary . 
Ironbridge ::   ironbridge is a village on the river severn , at the heart of the ironbridge gorge , in shropshire , england . 
Farad ::   the farad ( symbol : f ) is the si derived unit of electrical capacitance , the ability of a body to store an electrical charge . 
Angers ::   angers ( ) is a city in western france , about southwest of paris . 
Spheroid ::   a spheroid , or ellipsoid of revolution , is a quadric surface obtained by rotating an ellipse about one of its principal axes ; in other words , an ellipsoid with two equal semi - diameters . 
Analemma ::   in astronomy , an analemma (; from greek " analēmma " " support " ) is a diagram showing the variation of the position of the sun in the sky over the course of a year , as viewed at a fixed time of day and from a fixed location on the earth . 
MetaComCo ::   metacomco ( mcc ) was a computer systems software company started in 1981 and based in bristol , england by peter mackeonis and derek budge . 
TRIPOS ::   tripos ( " trivial portable operating system " ) is a computer operating system . 
Sesame ::   sesame (; " sesamum indicum " ) is a flowering plant in the genus " sesamum " , also called " benne " . 
Nosferatu ::   stoker 's heirs sued over the adaptation , and a court ruling ordered that all copies of the film be destroyed . 
Gnomon ::   a gnomon ( [ ˈnoʊmɒn ] , from greek , " gnōmōn " , literally : " one that knows or examines " ) is the part of a sundial that casts a shadow . 
Sandwich ::   a sandwich is a food typically consisting of vegetables , sliced cheese or meat , placed on or between slices of bread , or more generally any dish wherein two or more pieces of bread serve as a container or wrapper for another food type . 
Diplomat ::   a diplomat is a person appointed by a state to conduct diplomacy with one or more other states or international organisations . 
Almogavars ::   almogavars ( , , and ) is the name of a class of soldier from many christian iberian kingdoms in the later phases of the reconquista , during the 13th and 14th centuries . 
Cyzicus ::   cyzicus (; " kyzikos " ; , " aydıncıḳ " ) was an ancient town of mysia in anatolia in the current balıkesir province of turkey . 
Parthenopeus ::   " for the hero of mediaeval romance , see partonopeus de blois " in greek mythology , parthenopeus or parthenopaeus ( παρθενοπαῖος ) was one of the seven against thebes , a native of arcadia , described as young and outstandingly good - looking , but at the same time arrogant , ruthless and over - confident , although an unproblematic ally for the argives . 
Daedalion ::   in greek mythology , daedalion was a son of hesperos , or lucifer , and the brother of ceyx . 
Cholesteatoma ::   cholesteatoma is a destructive and expanding growth consisting of keratinizing squamous epithelium in the middle ear and/or mastoid process . 
Antalcidas ::   antalcidas ( , " antalkídas " ; died   ) , son of leon , was an ancient greek soldier , politician , and diplomat from sparta . 
Ariadne ::   ariadne (; ; ) , in greek mythology , was the daughter of minos , king of crete and a son of zeus , and minos ' queen pasiphaë , a daughter of helios . 
Talon ::   a talon is the claw of a bird of prey . 
Hippocrene ::   in greek mythology , hippocrene ( ἱππου κρήνης ) was a spring on mt. helicon . 
Epaminondas ::   epaminondas (; , " epameinondas " ; d. 362 bc ) was a theban general and statesman of the 4th century bc who transformed the ancient greek city - state of thebes , leading it out of spartan subjugation into a pre - eminent position in greek politics . 
Hygieia ::   in greek as well as roman mythology , hygieia ( also hygiea or hygeia ; or , or ) , was one of the aeclepiadae ; the sons and daughters of the god of medicine , asclepius , and the goddess of healing , epione . 
Pelopidas ::   pelopidas (; ; died 364 bc ) was an important theban statesman and general in greece . 
Asclepeion ::   in ancient greece and rome , an asclepeion ( " asklepieion " ; ἀσκλαπιεῖον in doric dialect ; latin " aesculapīum " ) was a healing temple , sacred to the god asclepius , the greek god of medicine . 
Messene ::   messene ( greek : μεσσήνη " messini " ) , officially ancient messene , is a local community ( " topiki koinotita " ) of the municipal unit ( " dimotiki enotita " ) ithomi , of the municipality ( " dimos " ) of messini within the regional unit ( " perifereiaki enotita " ) of messenia in the region ( " perifereia " ) of peloponnese , one of 13 regions into which greece has been divided . 
Ageladas ::   ageladas ( ) or hagelaidas , was a celebrated greek ( argive ) sculptor , who flourished in the latter part of the 6th and the early part of the 5th century bc . 
Myron ::   myron of eleutherae ( ) , working c. 480 bc - 440 bc , was an athenian sculptor from the mid-5th century bc . 
Hymen ::   the hymen is a membrane that surrounds or partially covers the external vaginal opening . 
Agoracritus ::   agoracritus ( greek , fl . late 5th century bc ) was a famous sculptor in ancient greece . 
Oneiroi ::   in greek mythology , the oneiroi or oneiri ( , " dreams " ) were various gods and demigods that ruled over dreams , nightmares , and oneiromantic symbols . 
Polygnotus ::   polygnotus ( " polygnotos " ) was an ancient greek painter from the middle of the 5th century bc . 
Phobetor ::   in ovid 's metamorphoses , phobetor ( , " frightening " ) or icelus ( ἴκελος , " íkelos " ) was one of the oneiroi , the personifications of dreaming . 
Phantasos ::   in ovid 's " metamorphoses " , phantasos or phantasus ( φαντασος – " fantasy " , " apparition " ) was one of the oneiroi ( the deities of dreams ) , the sons ( triplets , sometimes simply the most prominent three of many ) of hypnos ( god of sleep ) and pasithea ( goddess of relaxation , meditation and hallucinations ) , ( or nyx ( goddess of night ) and erebus ( god of darkness ) ) . 
Plutus ::   plutus ( , " ploutos " , literally " wealth " ) was the god of wealth in ancient greek religion and myth . 
Iaso ::   iaso (; , " iasō " ) or ieso (; , " iēsō " ) was the greek goddess of recuperation from illness . 
Ichor ::   in greek mythology , ichor ( or ; ) is the ethereal fluid that is the blood of the gods and/or immortals . 
Idaea ::   idaea ( or ) can mean : 
Diamant ::   the diamant rocket ( " diamant " is french for " diamond " ) was the first exclusively french expendable launch system and at the same time the first satellite launcher not built by either the united states or ussr . 
Ascanius ::   ascanius ( ) ( said to have reigned 1176 - 1138 bc ) a legendary king of alba longa and is the son of the trojan hero aeneas and creusa , daughter of priam . 
Anthesteria ::   anthesteria or the anthesteria ( , " anthestḗria " ) was one of the four athenian festivals in honor of dionysus . 
Lybie ::   in greek mythology , lybie ( , " lubiē " ; often written lybië ) was the mother of belus by poseidon and a personification and queen of the country of libya . 
Lampos ::   in greek mythology , lampos was the name of three horses . 
Pelasgus ::   in greek mythology , pelasgus ( ) was the eponymous ancestor of the pelasgians , the mythical inhabitants of greece who established the worship of the dodonaean zeus , hephaestus , the cabeiri , and other divinities . 
Hilaeira ::   in greek mythology , hilaera ( ancient greek : ἱλάειρα ; also ilaeira ) was a messenian princess . 
Idas ::   in greek mythology , idas ( " ; " ancient greek : ἴδας " ídas " ) , was a messenian prince . 
Lenaeus ::   lenaeus is a genus of assassin bugs . 
Leucippe ::   in greek mythology , leucippe ( , " white horse " ) is the name of the following individuals : 
Leucothoe ::   the word leucothoe can mean : 
Maera ::   maera can refer to : maera , an alternative metal band based in belgrade , serbia 
Sahel ::   the sahel ( ) is the ecoclimatic and biogeographic zone of transition in africa between the sahara to the north and the sudanian savanna ( historically known as the sudan region ) to the south . 
Lycorias ::   in greek mythology , lycorias was a nereid , one of the fifty daughters of nereus and doris . 
Macaria ::   macaria or makaria ( greek μακαρία ) is the name of two figures from ancient greek religion and mythology . 
Meliboea ::   in greek mythology , meliboea ( ) was a name attributed to the following individuals : famous kings of meliboea were : 
Menippe ::   menippe can refer to : 
Astyoche ::   the name astyoche (; ἀστυόχη ) or astyocheia was attributed to the following individuals in greek mythology . 
Ascalaphus ::   the name ascalaphus (; ancient greek : ἀσκάλαφος " askalaphos " ) is shared by two people in greek mythology : 
Orphne ::   in greek mythology , orphne ( , from , " darkness " ) , also known as styx ( στύξ ) or gorgyra ( , from , " underground drain " ) , was a nymph that lived in hades . 
Aero ::   aero is a greek prefix relating to flight and air . 
Tragopogon ::   tragopogon , also known as goatsbeard or salsify , is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family . 
Novella ::   a novella is a text of written , fictional , narrative prose normally longer than a short story but shorter than a novel , somewhere between 7,500 and 40,000 words . 
Tmolus ::   tmolus ( , " tmōlos " ) was a king of lydia and husband to omphale . 
Theona ::   in greek mythology , theona was a daughter of dymas , a sister of hecuba and wife of amycus . 
Icarus ::   in greek mythology , icarus ( the latin spelling , conventionally adopted in english ; , " íkaros " , etruscan : " vikare " ) is the son of the master craftsman daedalus , the creator of the labyrinth . 
Puigcerdà ::   puigcerdà ( , , ; ) is the capital of the " catalan comarca " of cerdanya , in the province of girona , catalonia , northern spain , near the segre river and on the border with france ( it abuts directly onto the french town of bourg - madame ) . 
Gandesa ::   gandesa ( , ) is the capital of the " comarca " of terra alta , in the province of tarragona , catalonia , spain . 
Balaguer ::   balaguer ( , ) is the capital of the " comarca " of noguera , in the province of lleida , catalonia , spain . 
Tremp ::   tremp ( , ) is a municipality in catalonia , spain , the capital of the " comarca " of the pallars jussà . 
Benabarre ::   benabarre ( ) , in ribagorçan and aragonese : benavarri ( , ) is a town in the aragonese county of ribagorza , in the province of huesca , spain . 
Valderrobres ::   valderrobres ( ) or vall - de - roures ( , ) is a municipality and the major town of the " comarca " of matarranya ( ) in the province of teruel , aragon ( spain ) . 
Philochorus ::   philochorus of athens (; ; c. 340 bc – 
Hippodrome ::   the hippodrome ( ) was an ancient grecian stadium for horse racing and chariot racing . 
FLOW-MATIC ::   flow - matic , originally known as b-0 ( business language version 0 ) , was the first english - like data processing language . 
Usedom ::   usedom ( , ) is a baltic sea island in pomerania , divided since 1945 between germany and poland . 
Graceland ::   graceland is a mansion on a estate in memphis , tennessee that was owned by elvis presley . 
Pita ::   pita ( or ) in greek , sometimes spelled pitta ( mainly uk ) , also known as arabic bread , lebanese bread , or syrian bread , is a soft , slightly leavened flatbread baked from wheat flour , which originated in western asia , most probably mesopotamia around 2500 bc . 
Giannutri ::   giannutri ( ) is a small island in the tyrrhenian sea off the coast of tuscany , italy ; it is the southernmost island of the tuscan archipelago and it is a " frazione " of the " comune " of isola del giglio in the province of grosseto . 
Hecale ::   in greek mythology , hecale ( " hekálē " ) , was an old woman who offered succor to theseus on his way to capture the marathonian bull . 
Pittheus ::   in greek mythology , pittheus ( ) was the king of troezen , city in argolis , which he had named after his brother troezen . 
Pelops ::   in greek mythology , pelops (; greek : πέλοψ " dark eyes " or " dark face " , derived from " pelios " ' dark ' and " ops " ' face , eye ' ) , was king of pisa in the peloponnesus . 
Hippodamia ::   hippodamia ( } or ; also hippodamea and hippodameia ; " she who masters horses " derived from " hippos " " horse " and " damazein " " to tame " ) was a greek mythological figure . 
Myrtilus ::   in greek mythology , myrtilus ( ) was a divine hero and son of hermes . 
Oenomaus ::   in greek mythology , king oenomaus ( also oenamaus ; ) of pisa , the father of hippodamia , was the son of ares , either by the naiad harpina ( daughter of the river god phliasian asopus , the armed ( " harpe " ) spirit of a spring near pisa ) or by sterope , one of the pleiades , whom some identify as his consort instead . 
Pirithous ::   in greek mythology , pirithous (; or πειρίθους derived from " peritheein " περιθεῖν " to run around " ; also transliterated as perithous ) was the king of the lapiths of larissa in thessaly . 
Medus ::   in greek mythology , medus was the son of medea . 
Minyades ::   the minyades ( ) were three sisters in greek mythology who were daughters of minyas , and the protagonists of a myth about the perils of neglecting the worship of dionysus . 
Misenus ::   in greek and roman mythology , misenus ( μισηνός ) was a name attributed to two individuals . 
Momus ::   momus (; " momos " ) was in greek mythology the personification of satire and mockery , two stories about whom figure among aesop ’s fables . 
Mormo ::   in greek mythology , mormo ( , " mormō " ) was a spirit who bit bad children , and was said to have been a companion of the goddess hecate . 
Moros ::   in greek mythology , moros or morus ( , " doom , fate " ) is the being of impending doom , who drives mortals to their deadly fate . 
Naiad ::   in greek mythology , the naiads ( ancient greek : ναϊάδες ) are a type of female spirit , or nymph , presiding over fountains , wells , springs , streams , brooks and other bodies of fresh water . 
Lilaea ::   in greek mythology , lilaea was a naiad of a spring of the same name , daughter of the river god cephissus . 
Piccolo ::   the piccolo (; italian for " small " , but named " ottavino " in italy ) is a half - size flute , and a member of the woodwind family of musical instruments . 
Oread ::   in greek mythology , an oread or ( stem ὀρειάδ- " oreas / oread- " , from ὄρος , " mountain " ) or orestiad or ( όρεστιάδες , " orestiades " ) is a mountain nymph . 
Napaeae ::   in greek mythology , the napaeae ( ancient greek : ναπαῖαι , from νάπη ; english translation : " a wooded dell " ) were a type of nymph that lived in wooded valleys , glens or grottoes . 
Limnad ::   in greek mythology , the limnads or ( λιμνάδες ) or leimenids ( λειμενίδες ) were a type of naiad . 
Pegaeae ::   in greek mythology , the pegaeae (; πηγαῖαι ) were a type of naiad that lived in springs . 
Crinaeae ::   in greek mythology , the crinaeae (; greek " κρηναῖαι " ) were a type of naiad nymphs associated with fountains or wells . 
Melitta ::   melitta ( ) is a germany - based company selling coffee , paper coffee filters , and coffee makers , part of the melitta group , which also has melitta branches in other countries world - wide . 
Hamal ::   hamal , alternatively designated alpha arietis ( α arietis , abbreviated alpha ari , α ari ) , is the brightest star in the northern zodiacal constellation of aries . 
Alameda ::   an alameda is a street or path lined with trees ( ) . 
Thasos ::   thasos or thassos ( ) is a greek island , geographically part of the north aegean sea , but administratively part of the kavala regional unit . 
Alcathous ::   alcathous (; ancient greek : ἀλκάθοος ) was the name of several people in greek mythology : 
Clementine ::   a clementine ( " citrus × clementina " ) is a hybrid between a mandarin orange and a sweet orange , so named in 1902 . 
Tolland ::   tolland is the name of some places : 
Oeneus ::   in greek mythology , oeneus ( , " oineús " ) was a calydonian king . 
Porthaon ::   in greek mythology , porthaon ( ) , sometimes referred to as parthaon or portheus ( seems related to the verb " portheō " and " perthō " , " destroy ' ) , was the king of calydon , husband of euryte and father of oeneus , agrius , alcathous , melas , leucopeus and sterope , also of the argonaut laocoön by an unnamed female servant , or by euryte too . 
Samothrace ::   samothrace ( also samothraki , samothracia ) (; , ) is a greek island in the northern aegean sea . 
Sharpsburg ::   sharpsburg is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
Alcinous ::   alcinous (; or ἀλκίνοος , " alkínoös " ) was , in greek mythology , a son of nausithous , or of phaeax ( the son of poseidon and corcyra ) , and father of nausicaa , halius , clytoneus and laodamas with arete . 
Nausicaa ::   nausicaa (; , ; also " nausicaä , nausikaa " ) is a character in homer 's " odyssey " . 
Tiberias ::   tiberias (; , " tveria " , ; , " ṭabariyyah " ) is an israeli city on the western shore of the sea of galilee . 
Rickettsia ::   rickettsia is a genus of nonmotile , gram - negative , nonspore - forming , highly pleomorphic bacteria that can be present as cocci ( 0.1 μm in diameter ) , rods ( 1–4 μm long ) , or thread - like ( 10 μm long ) . 
Cabeiri ::   in greek mythology , the cabeiri , cabiri or kabiri ( , " kábeiroi " ) were a group of enigmatic chthonic deities . 
Oenopion ::   in greek mythology , oenopion ( ancient greek : , " oinopíōn " , english translation : " wine drinker " , " wine - rich " ) was a legendary king of chios , and was said to have brought winemaking to the island , which was assigned to him by rhadamanthys . 
Nyctimus ::   in greek mythology , nyctimus was one of the fifty sons of the arcadian king lycaon . 
Oenotrus ::   in greek mythology , oenotrus ( ) was the youngest of fifty sons of lycaon from arcadia . 
Gear ::   a gear or cogwheel is a rotating machine part having cut " teeth " , or cogs , which mesh with another toothed part to transmit torque . 
Altes ::   " for people with the surname , see altès ( surname ) . " 
Floor ::   a floor is the bottom surface of a room or vehicle or even possibly the surface on which people dance , commonly referred to as a ' dance floor ' . 
FLOPS ::   in computing , floating point operations per second ( flops ) is a measure of computer performance , useful in fields of scientific computations that require floating - point calculations . 
Chloroform ::   chloroform , or trichloromethane , is an organic compound with formula chcl . 
Tabernacle ::   the tabernacle ( , " mishkan " , " residence " or " dwelling place " ) , according to the hebrew bible , was the portable earthly dwelling place of god amongst the children of israel from the time of the exodus from egypt through the conquering of the land of canaan . 
Ophion ::   in some versions of greek mythology , ophion ( " serpent " ; " gen " . : 
Ossicles ::   the ossicles ( also called auditory ossicles ) are three bones in either middle ear that are among the smallest bones in the human body . 
Incus ::   the anvil or incus is a bone in the middle ear . 
Malleus ::   the malleus or hammer is a hammer - shaped small bone or ossicle of the middle ear which connects with the incus and is attached to the inner surface of the eardrum . 
Epione ::   in greek mythology , epione ( ) was the goddess of soothing of pain ; in fact , her name actually means soothing . 
Stapes ::   the stapes or stirrup is a bone in the middle ear of humans and other mammals which is involved in the conduction of sound vibrations to the inner ear . 
Pandia ::   in greek mythology , the goddess pandia or pandeia ( , meaning " all brightness " ) was a daughter of zeus and the goddess selene , the greek personification of the moon . 
Pandorus ::   in greek mythology , pandorus ( ) was a son of erichthonius ii of athens and praxithea . 
Panopea ::   in greek mythology , panopea ( ) , also panopaea , and panope were two of the nereids . 
Pelasgians ::   the name pelasgians (; , " pelasgoí " ; singular : πελασγός , " pelasgós " ) was used by classical greek writers to either refer to populations that were the ancestors / forerunners of the greeks , or to signify all pre - classical indigenes of greece . 
Peitho ::   in greek mythology , peitho ( ) is the goddess who personifies persuasion and seduction . 
Tyche ::   tyche (; from , meaning " luck " ; roman equivalent : fortuna ) was the presiding tutelary deity that governed the fortune and prosperity of a city , its destiny . 
Penia ::   in plato 's " symposium " , penae ( " deficiency " or " poverty " in latin ) or penia - ( " deficiency " or " poverty " in greek ) was the personification of poverty and need . 
Porus ::   porus or poros ( from the greek πῶρος , " pôros " ) was a king of the pauravas , whose territory in punjab region of the indian subcontinent , spanned the region between the hydaspes ( jhelum ) and acesines ( chenab ) rivers in what is now the punjab . 
Porphyria ::   porphyria is a group of diseases in which substances called porphyrins build up , negatively affecting the skin or nervous system . 
Sniglet ::   a sniglet is a type of neologism popularized by comedian rich hall during his tenure on the 1980s hbo comedy series " not necessarily the news " . 
Penthus ::   in greek mythology , penthus was the personification of grief . 
Clause ::   in grammar , a clause is the smallest grammatical unit that can express a complete proposition . 
Phthonus ::   in greek mythology , phthonus ( , " phthónos " ) was the personification of jealousy and envy , especially in matters of love . 
Lemnos ::   lemnos ( ) is a greek island in the northern part of the aegean sea . 
Tupelo ::   tupelo , genus nyssa , is a small genus of deciduous trees with alternate , simple leaves . 
Porphyrion ::   in greek mythology , porphyrion ( ) was one of the gigantes ( giants ) , who according to hesiod , were the offspring of gaia , born from the blood that fell when uranus ( sky ) was castrated by their son cronus . 
Motherfucker ::   motherfucker ( sometimes abbreviated as mofo , mf , or mf'er ) is an english - language vulgarism . 
Caeneus ::   in greek mythology , caeneus ( , " kaineus " ) was a lapith hero of thessaly . 
Caenis ::   antonia caenis or cenide , a former slave and secretary of antonia minor ( mother of the emperor claudius ) , was the mistress of the roman emperor vespasian . 
Kronos ::   kronos can refer to : 
Tripos ::   at the university of cambridge , a tripos ( , plural ' triposes ' ) is any of the undergraduate examinations that qualify an undergraduate for a bachelor 's degree or the courses taken by an undergraduate to prepare . 
Crotopus ::   in greek mythology , crotopus or krotopos ( ) was the eight king of argos . 
Psychopomp ::   psychopomps ( from the greek word ψυχοπομπός , " psuchopompos " , literally meaning the " guide of souls " ) are creatures , spirits , angels , or deities in many religions whose responsibility is to escort newly deceased souls from earth to the afterlife . 
Electryone ::   in greek mythology , electryone or electryo or alectrona ( doric form ) was a daughter of helios and rhodos , and sister to the heliadae . 
Kamira ::   in greek mythology , kamira was a daughter of danaus who was worshipped on the greek island of rhodes . 
Telchines ::   in greek mythology , the telchines ( , " telkhines " ) were the original inhabitants of the island of rhodes , and were known in crete and cyprus . 
Magnetometer ::   a magnetometer is an instrument that measures magnetism — either the magnetization of a magnetic material like a ferromagnet , or the direction , strength , or relative change of a magnetic field at a particular location . 
Syrus ::   in greek mythology , syrus was the son of sinope ( daughter of asopus and merope ) and apollo ; the syrians are named after him . 
Sphinx ::   a sphinx ( , boeotian : , plural sphinxes or sphinges ) is a mythical creature with the head of a human and the body of a lion . 
Sterope ::   sterope (; ancient greek : στερόπη , from , " steropē " , lightning ) was the name of several individuals in greek mythology : 
Hippothoe ::   in greek mythology , hippothoe is the name of five distinct characters . 
Taphius ::   in greek mythology , taphius founded the city taphos on the island of the same name , and was its king . 
Taygete ::   in classical greek mythology , taygete (; , , ) was a nymph , one of the pleiades according to the " bibliotheca " ( 3.10.1 ) and a companion of artemis , in her archaic role as " potnia theron " , " mistress of the animals " , with its likely roots in prehistory . 
Telemus ::   telemus ( " telemos " ) was a figure of greek mythology , a prophet , son of eurymus . 
Tereus ::   in greek mythology , tereus ( ) was a thracian king , the son of ares and husband of procne . 
Philomela ::   philomela ( ) or philomel (; , " philomēlē " ) is a minor figure in greek mythology and is frequently invoked as a direct and figurative symbol in literary , artistic , and musical works in the western canon . 
Thamyris ::   in greek mythology , thamyris ( ) , son of philammon and the nymph argiope , was a thracian singer who was so proud of his skill that he boasted he could outsing the muses . 
Metamorphoses ::   the metamorphoses (: " books of transformations " ) is a latin narrative poem by the roman poet ovid , considered his " magnum opus " . comprising fifteen books and over 250 myths , the poem chronicles the history of the world from its creation to the deification of julius caesar within a loose mythico - historical framework . 
Thanatos ::   in greek mythology , thanatos (; , pronounced in " death " , from θνῄσκω " thnēskō " " to die , be dying " ) was the personification of death . 
Thaumas ::   in greek mythology , thaumas (; ; " gen " . : 
Asterope ::   asterope can refer to : 
Iodame ::   in greek mythology , iodame was the daughter of itonus and granddaughter of amphictyon . 
Ogyges ::   ogyges , also spelled ogygos or ogygus ( or ὤγυγος ) , is a primeval mythological ruler in ancient greece , generally of boeotia , but an alternative tradition makes him the first king of attica . 
Theia ::   in greek mythology , theia (; , sometimes rendered thea , théa or thia ) , also called euryphaessa " wide - shining " , is a titaness . 
Thriae ::   the thriae or thriai were nymphs , three virginal sisters , one of a number of such triads ( " maiden trinities " jane ellen harrison called them ) in greek mythology . 
Thyrsus ::   a thyrsus or thyrsos ( ) was a wand or staff of giant fennel ( " ferula communis " ) covered with ivy vines and leaves , sometimes wound with taeniae and always topped with a pine cone . 
Zalmoxis ::   zalmoxis ( ) is a supposed divinity of the getae and dacians ( a people of the lower danube ) , mentioned by herodotus in his " histories " book iv , 93–96 , written before 425 bc . 
Zibelthiurdos ::   zibelthiurdos ( zibelthurdos or zbelsurdos ) was a thracian god of storm and lightning like god gebeleizis . 
Abderus ::   in greek mythology abderus or abderos ( ) was a divine hero , reputed by some to be one of heracles ' lovers ( eromenoi ) , and reputedly a son of hermes by some accounts , and eponym of abdera , thrace . 
Acherusia ::   in greek mythology , acherusia ( ) , was a name given by the ancients to several lakes or swamps , which , like the various rivers called acheron , were at some time believed to be connected with the lower world , until at last the acherusia came to be considered to be in the lower world itself . 
Danaë ::   _ _ notoc _ _ 
Dictys ::   dictys ( ) was a name attributed to four men in greek mythology . 
Polydectes ::   in greek mythology , king polydectes ( ) was the ruler of the island of seriphos . 
Megapenthes ::   in greek mythology , megapenthes ( " megapénthēs " ) is a name that refers to : he was a son of proetus and exchanged kingdoms ( argos for tiryns ) with his cousin perseus , whom he killed much later . 
Perseides ::   in greek mythology the perseides , " those born of perseus " and andromeda , are the members of the house of perseus , descended , according to valerius flaccus through perse and perses . 
Autonoë ::   in greek mythology , autonoë (; ) was a daughter of cadmus , founder of thebes , greece , and the goddess harmonia . 
Nisos ::   in greek mythology , nisos was the king of megara , and one of the four sons of pandion ii , king of athens . 
Metion ::   in greek mythology , metion (; , " gen " . 
Rhêxênor ::   rhexenoror rhêxênor can refer to : 
Aethalides ::   aethalides ( ) was a son of hermes and eupolemeia , a daughter of myrmidon . 
Ain ::   ain (; arpitan : en ) is a department named after the ain river on the eastern edge of france . 
Aisne ::   aisne ( ) is a french department in the hauts - de - france region of northern france . 
Agamedes ::   in greek mythology , agamedes ( , " agamēdēs " ) was a son of erginus ( or , according to some traditions , the son of stymphalus and grandson of arcas ) . 
Laon ::   laon ( ) is the capital city of the aisne department in hauts - de - france , northern france . 
Trophonius ::   trophonius ( , " trophōnios " ) was a greek hero or daimon or god— 
Erginus ::   in greek mythology , erginus ( ) was the name of the following figures : 
Agelaus ::   agelaus or agelaos ( ancient greek : ἀγέλαος ) is , in greek mythology , the name of various individuals . 
Alcimede ::   in greek mythology , alcimede (; ancient greek : ἀλκιμέδη " mighty cunning " ) was one of the matrilineal minyan daughters , the daughter of clymene , minyas ' daughter . 
Alphesiboea ::   alphesiboea ( ancient greek : ἀλφεσιβοίας ) was the name of several characters in greek mythology : 
Meleager ::   in greek mythology , meleager ( , ) was a hero venerated in his " temenos " at calydon in aetolia . 
Toxeus ::   in greek mythology , the name toxeus ( ancient greek : τοξεύς " bowman " ) refers to : 
Plexippus ::   in greek mythology , plexippus or plexippos ( πλήξιππος ) is a name that refers to : 
Allier ::   allier ( ) ; is a french department located in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region of central france named after the river allier . 
Hautes-Alpes ::   hautes - alpes (; ) is a department in southeastern france named after the alps mountain range . 
Amphinomus ::   in greek mythology , amphinomus , also amphínomos ( ἀμφίνομος ; literally " grazing all about " ) , was the son of king nisos and one of the suitors of penelope that was killed by telemachus . 
Antenor ::   antenor ( , " antḗnōr " ;   ) was an athenian sculptor . 
Theano ::   theano (; ) was the priestess of athena in troy . 
Anticlea ::   in greek mythology , anticlea or anticlia ( ancient greek : ἀντίκλεια , literally " without fame " ) was the daughter of autolycus and amphithea and mother of odysseus by laërtes ( though some say by sisyphus ) . 
Autolycus ::   in greek mythology , autolycus (; " autolykos " , " the wolf itself " , or " very wolf " ) was a son of the olympian god hermes and chione . 
Philammon ::   in greek mythology , philammon ( ancient greek : φιλάμμων ) was the son of chione and apollo . 
Antiphates ::   in greek mythology , antiphates (; ancient greek : ἀντιφάτης ) is the name of five characters . 
Antiphus ::   in greek mythology , antiphus or ántiphos ( ancient greek : ἄντιφος ) is a name attributed to multiple individuals : the name antiphus is not to be confused with antiphōs ( ἀντίφως ) , which refers to a soldier in the army of the seven against thebes who killed chromis but was himself killed by hypseus . 
Doubs ::   doubs (; arpitan : " dubs " ) is a department in the bourgogne - franche - comté region of eastern france named after the doubs river . 
Aube ::   aube ( ) is a french department in the grand est region of north - eastern france . 
Aude ::   aude (; ) is a department in south - central france named after the river aude . 
Aveyron ::   aveyron (; ) is a department located in the north of the occitanie region of southern france named after the aveyron river . 
CONTOUR ::   the co"met " n"ucleus " tour ( contour ) was a nasa discovery - class space probe that failed shortly after its july 2002 launch . 
Uzi ::   the uzi ( , officially cased as uzi ) is a family of israeli open - bolt , blowback - operated submachine guns . 
Clermont-Ferrand ::   clermont - ferrand ( , auvergnat " clarmont - ferrand " or " clarmont d'auvèrnhe " , ) is a city and commune of france , in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region , with a population of 141,569 ( 2012 ) . 
Delftware ::   delftware or delft pottery , also known as delft blue ( ) , is blue and white pottery made in and around delft in the netherlands and the tin - glazed pottery made in the netherlands from the 16th century . 
Aigues-Mortes ::   aigues - mortes ( ) is a french commune in the gard department in the occitanie region of southern france . 
Hubei ::   hubei ( ) is a province of the people 's republic of china , located in the central china region . 
Shenzhen ::   shenzhen (; ) is a major city in guangdong province , china . 
Cybersex ::   cybersex , also called computer sex , internet sex , netsex and , colloquially , cyber or cybering , is a virtual sex encounter in which two or more people connected remotely via computer network send each other sexually explicit messages describing a sexual experience . 
Counter-terrorism ::   counter - terrorism ( also spelled counterterrorism ) incorporates the practice , military tactics , techniques , and strategy that government , military , law enforcement , business , and intelligence agencies use to combat or prevent terrorism . 
Melanesia ::   melanesia ( ; ) is a subregion of oceania extending from new guinea island in the southwestern pacific ocean to the arafura sea , and eastward to fiji . 
Paracetamol ::   paracetamol , also known as acetaminophen or apap , is a medication used to treat pain and fever . 
UIN ::   uin is a widely used abbreviation . 
Father ::   a father is the male parent of a child . 
Mother ::   a mother is the female parent of a child . 
Nightwish ::   nightwish is a symphonic metal band from kitee , finland . 
Parent ::   a parent is a caregiver of the offspring in their own species . 
Birth ::   birth is the act or process of bearing or bringing forth offspring . 
Latrun ::   latrun ( , " latrun " ; , " al - latrun " ) is located at a strategic hilltop in the latrun salient in the ayalon valley . 
Childbirth ::   childbirth , also known as labour and delivery , is the ending of a pregnancy by one or more babies leaving a woman 's uterus by vaginal passage or c - section . 
Chiptune ::   chiptune , also known as chip music or 8-bit music , is synthesized electronic music which is made for programmable sound generator ( psg ) sound chips used in vintage computers , consoles , and arcade machines . 
Asceticism ::   asceticism (; from the " áskesis " , " exercise " or " training " ) is a lifestyle characterized by abstinence from sensual pleasures , often for the purpose of pursuing spiritual goals . 
Advent ::   advent is a season observed in many christian churches as a time of expectant waiting and preparation for the celebration of the nativity of jesus at christmas . 
Matriarchy ::   matriarchy is a social system in which females ( most notably in mammals ) hold the primary power positions in roles of political leadership , moral authority , social privilege and control of property at the specific exclusion of men - at least to a large degree . 
Kristallnacht ::   kristallnacht (; lit . 
Anemia ::   anemia is a decrease in the total amount of red blood cells ( rbcs ) or hemoglobin in the blood , or a lowered ability of the blood to carry oxygen . 
Ardeas ::   in greek mythology , ardeas was a son of odysseus and circe . 
Aretus ::   aretus ( , " árētos " ) was one of several characters in greek mythology : 
Hippomenes ::   in greek mythology , hippomenes ( ) , also known as melanion ( μελανίων or μειλανίων ) , was a son of the arcadian amphidamas or of megareus of onchestus and the husband of atalanta . 
Minyans ::   according to greek mythology and legendary prehistory of the aegean region , the minyans ( , " minyes " ) were an autochthonous group inhabiting the aegean region . 
Periander ::   periander (; ; died c. 585 bc ) , was the second tyrant of the cypselid dynasty that ruled over corinth . 
Echemus ::   in greek mythology , echemus ( , " ekhemos " ) was the king of arcadia . 
Cleodaeus ::   in greek mythology , cleodaeus was one of the heracleidae , a grandson of heracles . 
Temenus ::   in greek mythology , temenus ( , " tēmenos " ) was a son of aristomachus and brother of cresphontes and aristodemus . 
Cresphontes ::   in greek mythology , cresphontes was a son of aristomachus , husband of merope , and brother of temenus and aristodemus . 
Aristodemus ::   in greek mythology , aristodemus ( ancient greek : ἀριστόδημος ) was a heracleidae , son of aristomachus and brother of cresphontes and temenus . 
Procles ::   in greek legends , procles ( , " the renowned " ) was one of the heracleidae , a great - great - great - grandson of heracles , and a son of aristodemus and argia . 
Eurysthenes ::   in greek mythology , eurysthenes ( , " widely ruling " ) was one of the heracleidae , a great - great - great - grandson of heracles , and a son of aristodemus and argia . 
Screenplay ::   a screenplay or script is a written work by screenwriters for a film , video game or television program . 
Assaracus ::   in greek mythology , assaracus (; , " assarakos " ) was the second son of tros , king of dardania . 
Capys ::   in roman and greek mythology , capys (; ) was a name attributed to three individuals : 
Anchises ::   in greek mythology , anchises ( or ; , ) was the son of capys and themiste ( daughter of ilus , who was son of tros ) . 
Astydamia ::   astydamia is a genus of flowering plant in the apiaceae , with 2 species . 
Copán ::   copán is an archaeological site of the maya civilization located in the copán department of western honduras , not far from the border with guatemala . 
Themisto ::   in greek mythology , themisto ( ) , daughter of hypseus , was the third and last wife of athamas . 
Phyleus ::   in greek mythology , phyleus ( ancient greek : φυλεύς probably derived from φυλή " phylē " " tribe , clan , race , people " ) was an elean prince and one of the calydonian boar hunters . 
Diores ::   in greek mythology , diorês referred to three different people . 
Azan ::   azan is an arabic word , which comes from the word " azn " , meaning " to listen " , " to hear " . 
Marozia ::   marozia , born maria and also known as mariuccia or mariozza ( 890 – 937 ) , was a roman noblewoman who was the alleged mistress of pope sergius iii and was given the unprecedented titles " senatrix " ( " senatoress " ) and " patricia " of rome by pope john x. edward gibbon wrote of her that the " influence of two sister prostitutes , marozia and theodora was founded on their wealth and beauty , their political and amorous intrigues : the most strenuous of their lovers were rewarded with the roman tiara , and their reign may have suggested to darker ages the fable of a female pope . 
Cithaeron ::   cithaeron or kithairon ( κιθαιρών , -ῶνος ) is a mountain and mountain range about 10   mi ( 16   km ) long , in central greece . 
Beyoncé ::   beyoncé giselle knowles - carter (; born september 4 , 1981 ) is an american singer , songwriter , dancer , and actress . born and raised in houston , texas , beyoncé performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child . 
Elis ::   elis or eleia ( greek , modern : ήλιδα " ilida " , ancient : " ēlis " ; doric : " alis " ; elean : " walis " , ethnonym : ϝαλειοι ) is an ancient district that corresponds to the modern elis regional unit . 
Achaea ::   achaea ( ) or achaia ( ) , sometimes transliterated from greek as akhaïa ( " achaïa " , ) , is one of the regional units of greece . 
Chariclo ::   chariclo ( or ; ; ) is either of two nymphs in greek mythology : 
Ocyrhoe ::   ocyrhoe ( ) or ocyrrhoe ( ) refers to at least five characters in greek mythology . 
Pheme ::   in greek mythology , pheme ( ; greek : , roman equivalent : fama ) , also known as ossa , was the personification of fame and renown , her favour being notability , her wrath being scandalous rumors . 
Phemonoe ::   in greek mythology , phemonoe was a greek poet of the ante - homeric period . 
Geras ::   in greek mythology , geras ( ) was the god of old age . 
Polymnestus ::   in ancient greece , polymnestus was , with phronime , the father of battus i of cyrene . 
Pero ::   in greek mythology , pero ( ) was a princess of pylos . 
Butes ::   in greek mythology , the name butes (; ancient greek : βούτης ) referred to several different people . 
Zeuxippe ::   in greek mythology , zeuxippe (; ) was the name of several women . 
Yogi ::   a yogi ( sometimes spelled jogi ) is a practitioner of yoga . 
Eryx ::   in greek mythology , eryx was a king of the city of eryx in sicily . 
Byblis ::   in greek mythology , byblis or bublis ( ) was a daughter of miletus . 
Sonora ::   sonora ( ) , officially the free and sovereign state of sonora ( ) , is one of 31 states that , with mexico city , comprise the 32 federal entities of united mexican states . 
Cacus ::   in roman mythology , cacus was a fire - breathing giant and the son of vulcan . 
Kebriones ::   in greek mythology , cebriones or kebriones ( κεβριόνης ) was the illegitimate son of king priam of troy and a slave . 
Axioche ::   axioche ( άξιόχη ) was a nymph in greek mythology . 
Mantius ::   in greek mythology , mantius was the son of melampus and iphianassa and the father of cleitus , polypheides and , in some versions , of oicles . 
Clysonymus ::   in greek mythology , clysonymus ( ancient greek ; κλύσωνυμος " klysonymos " ) was murdered by his friend , patroclus , during an argument . 
Cocalus ::   in greek mythology , cocalus ( ) was a king of kamikos in sicily , according to diodorus siculus ( book iv ) . 
Copreus ::   in greek mythology , copreus ( κοπρεύς ) was king eurystheus ' herald . 
Cranaus ::   in greek mythology , cranaus ( ) was the second king of athens , succeeding cecrops   i. cranaus married pedias , a spartan woman and daughter of mynes , with whom he had three daughters : cranae , cranaechme ( alternate reading : menaechme ) , and atthis . 
Pythias ::   pythias ( ) , also known as pythias the elder , was a greek biologist and embryologist . 
Gonad ::   a gonad or sex gland or reproductive gland is a mixed gland that produces the gametes ( sex cells ) and sex hormones of an organism . 
Adolescence ::   adolescence ( ) is a transitional stage of physical and psychological development that generally occurs during the period from puberty to legal adulthood ( age of majority ) . 
Ixion ::   in greek mythology , ixion ( ; , " gen " . : ἰξίωνος ) was king of the lapiths , the most ancient tribe of thessaly , and a son of ares , or leonteus , or antion and perimele , or the notorious evildoer phlegyas , whose name connotes " fiery " . 
Deioneus ::   in greek mythology , deioneus (; ) or deion (; ) is a name attributed to the following individuals : 
Deiphobus ::   in greek mythology , deiphobus ( δηίφοβος " deiphobos " ) was a son of priam and hecuba . 
Dido ::   dido ( , ) was , according to ancient greek and roman sources , the founder and first queen of carthage ( modern - day tunisia ) . 
Enema ::   enema is a fluid injected into the lower bowel by way of the rectum . 
Amarynceus ::   amarynceus ( ) was in greek mythology a chief of the eleans , and a son of onesimachus or of acetor . 
Eumedes ::   eumedes ( εὐμήδης ) was a name attributed to seven individuals in greek mythology . 
Escapology ::   escapology is the practice of escaping from restraints or other traps . 
Priapism ::   priapism is a condition in which a penis remains erect for hours in the absence of stimulation or after stimulation has ended . 
Languedoc ::   languedoc (; ; ) is a former province of france . 
Courtyard ::   a courtyard or court is a circumscribed area , often surrounded by a building or complex , that is open to the sky . 
Trichinosis ::   trichinosis is a parasitic disease caused by roundworms of the " trichinella " type . 
Fayette ::   fayette is the name of a number of places in the united states of america . 
Matrilineality ::   matrilineality is the tracing of descent through the female line . 
Ansonia ::   ansonia is the name of some places in the united states of america : and in canada : other uses : 
Hounslow ::   hounslow ( ) is a district of west london , england , southwest of charing cross . 
Proxy ::   a proxy is an agent or substitute authorized to act for another person or a document which authorizes the agent so to act , and may also be used in the following contexts : 
Gildas ::   gildas ( breton : " gweltaz " , c. 500–570 ) — also known as gildas the wise or gildas sapiens — was a 6th - century british monk best known for his scathing religious polemic " de excidio et conquestu britanniae " , which recounts the history of the britons before and during the coming of the saxons . 
Hylas ::   in classical mythology , hylas ( ) was a youth who served as heracles ' companion and servant . 
Spartoi ::   in greek mythology , spartoi ( also sparti ) ( , literal translation : " sown [ men ] " , from σπείρω , " speírō " , " to sow " ) are a mythical people who sprang up from the dragon 's teeth sown by cadmus and were believed to be the ancestors of the theban nobility . 
Elpenor ::   in greek mythology , elpenor ( also spelled elpinor ) ( ἐλπήνωρ , gen . : 
Mandala ::   a mandala ( sanskrit : मण्डल , literally " circle " ) is a spiritual and ritual symbol in hinduism and buddhism , representing the universe . 
Teleplay ::   a teleplay is a screenplay or script used in the production of a scripted television program or series . 
Becket ::   becket or the honour of god ( ) is a play written in french by jean anouilh . 
Emathion ::   in greek mythology , the name emathion ( ancient greek : ἠμαθίων ) refers to four individuals . 
Berenice ::   berenice ( , " bereníkē " ) is the ancient macedonian form of the attic greek name φερενίκη " ( pherenikē ) " , which meant " bearer of victory " . 
Mestra ::   in greek mythology , mestra ( , " mēstra " ) was a daughter of erysichthon of thessaly . 
Oswiu ::   oswiu , also known as oswy or oswig ( ) ( c. 612 – 15 february 670 ) , was king of bernicia from 642 until his death . 
Ketosis ::   ketosis is a metabolic state in which some of the body 's energy supply comes from ketone bodies in the blood , in contrast to a state of glycolysis in which blood glucose provides energy . 
Cynric ::   cynric was king of wessex from 534 to 560 . 
Ticino ::   ticino , formally the republic and canton of ticino ( ; ; , ; see also in other languages ) is the southernmost canton of switzerland . 
Eteoneus ::   in greek mythology , eteoneus ( ἐτεωνεύς ) was the son of boethous , and king menelaus of sparta 's weapon - carrier during the trojan war . 
Eumaeus ::   in greek mythology , eumaeus (; , " eumaios " ) was odysseus 's swineherd and friend . 
Eumolpus ::   in greek mythology , eumolpus ( ancient greek : εὔμολπος " eumolpos " , " good singer " or " sweet singing " derived from " eu " " good " and " molpe " " song","singing " ) was a legendary thracian king who established the city of eumolpias , also called eumolpiada ( present - day plovdiv ) around 1200 bc ( or 1350 bc ) , naming it after himself . 
Benthesikyme ::   benthesikyme or benthesicyme ( βενθεσικύμη , from βένθος " ( sea ) depth " and κῦμα " wave " ) in greek mythology , according to the " bibliotheca " , was a daughter of poseidon and amphitrite and wife of enalos , by whom she had two daughters . 
Tegyrios ::   tegyrios was king of thrace . 
Immaradus ::   in greek mythology , immaradus ( - " immarados " ) was a son of king eumolpus of thrace . 
Hypsipyle ::   in greek mythology , hypsipyle ( ὑψιπύλη ) was the queen of lemnos , daughter of thoas and myrina . 
Eupeithes ::   in greek mythology , eupeithês ( εὐπείθης ) was the father of antinous , the leader of the suitors of penelope . 
Euryalus ::   euryalus (; ) refers to the euryalus fortress , the main citadel of ancient syracuse , and to several different characters from greek mythology and classical literature : 
Hyrtacus ::   in greek mythology , hyrtacus (; ) is an obscure character associated with the trojan war . 
Eurybates ::   in greek mythology , eurybates ( εὐρυβάτης ) was the herald for the greek armies during the trojan war . 
Eurycleia ::   in greek mythology , eurycleia ( " eurýkleia " ) , or euryclea (; also known as antiphata ( ἀντιφάτη " antipáte " ) in other traditions ) , is the daughter of ops and granddaughter of peisenor , as well as the wet - nurse of odysseus . 
Eurypylus ::   in greek mythology , eurypylus ( " eurypylos " ) was the name of several different people : 
Thestius ::   in greek mythology , thestius or thestios ( ) was a king of pleuronians in aetolia . 
Tecmessa ::   the name tecmessa ( ancient greek : τέκμησσα ) refers to the following characters in greek mythology : 
Eurysaces ::   eurysaces in greek mythology was the son of the ajax and the former - princess captive - slave girl tecmessa . 
Galinthias ::   galinthias is a genus in the order mantodea , in the family hymenopodidae . 
Gargareans ::   in greek mythology , the gargareans , or gargarenses , ( " gargareis " ) were an all - male tribe . 
Glaukos ::   glaukos corporation is a glaucoma treatment company based in laguna hills , california . 
Peeps ::   peeps are marshmallow candies , sold in the united states and canada , that are shaped into chicks , bunnies , and other animals . 
Marshmallow ::   a marshmallow is a sugar - based confection that , in its modern form , typically consists of sugar , water and gelatin which is whipped to a spongy consistency , molded into small cylindrical pieces , and coated with corn starch . 
Halitherses ::   in greek mythology , halitherses ( ἁλιθέρσης ) , son of mastor , was an ithacan prophet who warned the suitors of odysseus 's wife penelope after interpreting the symbols that zeus sent to " be wise in time , and put a stop to this wickedness before he comes . " 
Lapiths ::   the lapiths (; ) are a legendary people of greek mythology , whose home was in thessaly , in the valley of the peneus and on the mountain pelion . 
Phocis ::   phocis (; , , ) is one of the regional units of greece . 
Iapyx ::   in greek and roman mythology , iapyx ( from greek ἰάπυξ , " gen " . : 
Idmon ::   in greek mythology , idmon was an argonaut seer . 
Ilione ::   in greek mythology , ilione was the oldest daughter of king priam and queen hecuba of troy . 
Arnaeus ::   arnaeus ( is a character in greek mythology . 
Ismene ::   ismene (; , 
Jocasta ::   in greek mythology , jocasta ( ) , also known as iocaste ( " iokástē " ) or epicaste (; ἐπικάστη " epikaste " ) , was a daughter of menoeceus , a descendant of the spartoi , and queen consort of thebes . 
Laius ::   in greek mythology , king laius ( pronounced ) , or laios ( ) of thebes was a divine hero and key personage in the theban founding myth . 
Laodamas ::   laodamas ( λᾱοδάμᾱς , " lāodámās " , literally " tamer of the people " ) refers to five different people in greek mythology . 
Photographer ::   a photographer ( the greek φῶς ( " phos " ) , meaning " light " , and γραφή ( " graphê " ) , meaning " drawing , writing " , together meaning " drawing with light " ) is a person who makes photographs . 
Charente ::   charente ( , saintongeais : " chérente " , occitan : " charanta " ) is a department in southwestern france , in the nouvelle - aquitaine region , named after the charente river , the most important river in the department , and also the river beside which the department 's two largest towns , angoulême and cognac , are sited . 
Drôme ::   drôme (; " droma " in occitan , " drôma " in arpitan ) is a department in southeastern france named after the drôme river . 
Angoulême ::   angoulême (; or " ") is a commune , the capital of the charente department , in the nouvelle - aquitaine region of southwestern france . 
Proparoxytone ::   proparoxytone ( ) is a linguistic term for a word with stress on the antepenultimate ( third last ) syllable such as the english words " cinema " and " operational " . 
Paroxytone ::   paroxytone ( ) is a linguistic term for a word with stress on the penultimate syllable , that is , the second last syllable , such as the english word " potato " . 
Oxytone ::   an oxytone (; from the , " oxýtonos " , ' sharp - sounding ' ) is a word with the stress on the last syllable , such as the english words " correct " and " reward " . 
Parthian ::   parthian may be : a demonym " of parthia " , a region of north - eastern of greater iran parthian may also refer to : 
Dyfed ::   dyfed ( ) is a preserved county of wales . 
SA80 ::   the sa80 is a british family of 5.56×45 mm nato small arms , all of which are selective fire , gas - operated assault rifles . 
LSW ::   lsw may stand for light support weapon . 
Jarnac ::   jarnac is a commune in the charente department in southwestern france . 
Underworld ::   the underworld or netherworld is an otherworld thought to be deep underground or beneath the surface of the world in most religions and mythologies . 
Hérault ::   hérault (; ) is a department in southern france named after the hérault . 
Xenix ::   xenix is a discontinued version of the unix operating system for various microcomputer platforms , licensed by microsoft from at&t corporation in the late 1970s . 
Altoona ::   altoona , a variant of " altona " , is the name of several municipalities in the united states of america : 
Lichas ::   in greek mythology , lichas (; ) was heracles ' servant , who brought the poisoned shirt from deianira to hercules because of deianira 's jealousy of iole , which killed him . 
Licymnius ::   in greek mythology , licymnius (; ) was a good friend of heracles ' and an illegitimate son of electryon , king of tiryns and mycenae in the argolid ( which makes him half - brother of alcmene , mother of heracles ) . 
Lityerses ::   in greek mythology , lityerses ( λιτυέρσης ) was an illegitimate son of midas ( or of comis ) dwelling in celaenae , phrygia . 
Hyrieus ::   in greek mythology , hyrieus ( ) was the son of alcyone and poseidon , brother of hyperenor and aethusa . 
Waynesboro ::   waynesboro is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
Beverly ::   beverly or beverley is a given name that was at one time commonly a masculine given name but is now almost exclusively a feminine name . 
Malone ::   malone is a family name . 
Portage ::   portage or portaging is the practice of carrying water craft or cargo over land , either around an obstacle in a river , or between two bodies of water . 
Cognac ::   cognac ( or ; ) is a variety of brandy named after the town of cognac , france . 
Lyncus ::   in greek mythology , king lyncus ( [ ˈ ] greek : , ) of the scythians was taught the arts of agriculture by triptolemus but he refused to teach it to his people and then tried to kill triptolemus . 
Bebryces ::   the bebryces were a tribe of people who lived in bithynia . 
Daimyō ::   the were powerful japanese feudal lords who , until their decline in the early meiji period , ruled most of japan from their vast , hereditary land holdings . 
Ocnus ::   in greek and roman mythology , ocnus or bianor was a son of manto and tiberinus , king of alba longa . 
Meges ::   in greek mythology , mégês phyleïdês ( greek : μέγης φυλεΐδης ) was the commander of epeans and/or dulichians during the trojan war . 
Argeus ::   argeus ( , " the hunter " ) can refer to : 
Melanippe ::   in greek mythology , melanippe ( ancient greek : μελανίππη , " black mare " ) referred to several different people : 
Melanippus ::   in greek mythology , there were eleven people named melanippus ( μελάνιππος ) : 
Meleagrids ::   in greek mythology , the meleagrids ( ) were the daughters of althaea and oeneus , sisters of meleager . 
Mnestheus ::   mnestheus is a character from roman mythology , found in virgil 's " aeneid " . 
Perdiccas ::   perdiccas ( , " perdikkas " ; c. 355 bc – 321/320 bc ) became a general in alexander the great 's army and participated in alexander 's campaign against persia . 
Aeroméxico ::   aerovías de méxico , s.a. de c.v. operating as aeroméxico , is the flag carrier airline of mexico based in mexico city . 
Nausinous ::   in greek mythology , nausinous ( , " nausinoos " ) was the son of odysseus and calypso . 
Bopis ::   bopis ( " bópiz " in spanish ) is a piquant philippine dish of pork or beef lungs and heart sautéed in tomatoes , chilies and onions . 
Cynortas ::   in greek mythology , cynortas or cynortes ( ) was a king of sparta . 
Oenotropae ::   in greek mythology , the oenotropae ( , " the women who change ( into ) wine " ) or oenotrophae ( , the " winegrowers " ) were the three daughters of anius . 
Omphale ::   in greek mythology , omphale ( ) was a daughter of iardanus , either a king of lydia , or a river - god . 
Candaon ::   in greek mythology , candaon is a rare name of uncertain meaning . 
Pamphylia ::   pamphylia ( , ) was a former region in the south of asia minor , between lycia and cilicia , extending from the mediterranean to mount taurus ( modern - day antalya province , turkey ) . 
Peacekeeping ::   peacekeeping refers to activities intended to create conditions that favour lasting peace . 
Gerrha ::   gerrha ( arabic جرهاء ) was an ancient city of eastern arabia , on the west side of the persian gulf . 
Gorgan ::   gorgan (; formerly astrabad or astarabad ( ) is the capital of golestan province , iran . 
Pandareus ::   in greek mythology , pandareus ( ) was the son of merops and a nymph . 
Pandarus ::   pandarus or pandar ( , " pándaros " ) is a trojan aristocrat who appears in stories about the trojan war . 
Penthilus ::   penthilus ( ) is the name for two distinct people in greek mythology . 
Burakumin ::   the term " buraku " literally refers to a small , generally rural , commune or a hamlet . 
Periphetes ::   periphetes (; περιφήτης ) is the name of several characters from greek mythology . 
Phereclus ::   in greek mythology , phereclus , son of tecton , was the shipbuilder who constructed the boat that paris used to kidnap helen . 
Phylacus ::   in greek mythology , phylacus ( ) was the name of the following figures : 
Phytalus ::   in greek mythology , phytalus ( φύταλος ) was a hero and king of attica who gave demeter hospitality when she was searching for her daughter , persephone . 
Pisidice ::   in greek mythology , pisidice ( , , " peisidíkē " ) or peisidice , was one of the following individuals : 
Faust ::   faust is the protagonist of a classic german legend , based on the historical johann georg faust ( c. 1480–1540 ) . 
Planctae ::   in greek mythology , the planctae ( , " planktai " , " wanderers " ) or wandering rocks were a group of rocks , between which the sea was mercilessly violent . 
Podarces ::   in greek mythology , podarces ( ) was a son of iphicles and brother of protesilaus . 
Poeas ::   in greek mythology , poeas , or poias was one of the argonauts and a friend of heracles . 
Polydora ::   polydora was the name of several characters in greek mythology : 
Polypoetes ::   in greek mythology , polypoetes (; , " polupoitēs " ) was a name attributed to the following individuals : 
Perigune ::   in greek mythology , perigune ( περιγούνη ) was the beautiful daughter of sinis . 
Procrustes ::   in greek mythology , procrustes ( προκρούστης " prokroustes " ) or " the stretcher [ who hammers out the metal ] " , also known as prokoptas or damastes ( δαμαστής , " subduer " ) , was a rogue smith and bandit from attica who physically attacked people by stretching them or cutting off their legs , so as to force them to fit the size of an iron bed . procrustean is thus used to describe situations where different lengths or sizes or properties are fitted to an arbitrary standard . 
Sciron ::   in greek mythology , sciron , also sceiron , skeirôn and scyron , (; gen . : 
Termerus ::   in greek mythology , termerus ( τέρμερος ) was a bandit who was killed by heracles . 
Thersander ::   in greek mythology , the name thersander ( " bold man " derived from θέρσος " thersos " " boldness , braveness " and ανδρος " andros " " of a man " ) refers to several distinct characters : 
Thersites ::   in greek mythology , thersites ( greek : ) was a soldier of the greek army during the trojan war . 
Tiphys ::   in greek mythology , tiphys ( τῖφυς ) , son of hagnias ( or of phorbas and hyrmine ) , was the helmsman of the argonauts . 
Hagnias ::   hagnias or agnius ( gr . ' or ' ) was in greek mythology the father of tiphys , who was the pilot of the ship " argo " , whence tiphys is called agniades . 
Sulfate ::   the sulfate or sulphate ( see spelling differences ) ion is a polyatomic anion with the empirical formula . 
Fingerprint ::   a fingerprint in its narrow sense is an impression left by the friction ridges of a human finger . 
Palamós ::   palamós ( ) is a town and municipality in the mediterranean costa brava , located in the " comarca " of baix empordà , in the province of girona , catalonia , spain . 
Apeldoorn ::   apeldoorn ( ) is a municipality and city in the province of gelderland in the centre of the netherlands . 
Tàrrega ::   tàrrega ( ) is a village and municipality located in the urgell comarca , province of lleida , catalonia . 
Motley ::   motley is the traditional costume of the court jester , fool , or the harlequin character in " commedia dell'arte " . 
Gritstone ::   gritstone or grit is a hard , coarse - grained , siliceous sandstone . 
Mataró ::   mataró ( ) is the capital and largest town of the " comarca " of the maresme , in the province of barcelona , catalonia autonomous community , spain . 
Vic ::   vic ( ) is the capital of the " comarca " of osona , in the barcelona province , catalonia . 
Valls ::   valls ( ) is the capital of the " comarca " of alt camp , in catalonia , spain . 
Olot ::   olot ( ) is the capital city of the " comarca " of garrotxa , in the province of girona , catalonia , spain . 
Morgantown ::   morgantown is the name of several places in the united states of america : 
Doylestown ::   doylestown is the name of at least five places in the united states of america : 
Hamden ::   hamden is the name of several places in the united states of america : 
Vejovis ::   vejovis or vejove ( ) was a roman god . 
Decima ::   decima can refer to : 
Morta ::   morta ( died c. 1263 ) was wife of mindaugas , the first known ruler of the grand duchy of lithuania . 
Mefistofele ::   mefistofele ( ) is an opera in a prologue , four acts and an epilogue , the only completed opera with music by the italian composer - librettist arrigo boito ( there are several completed operas for which he was librettist only ) . 
Orcus ::   orcus ( ) was a god of the underworld , punisher of broken oaths in italic and roman mythology . 
Juventas ::   juventas was the ancient roman goddess whose sphere of tutelage was youth and rejuvenation . 
Vesper ::   vesper means " evening " in classical latin . 
Parcae ::   in ancient roman religion and myth , the parcae ( singular , parca ) were the female personifications of destiny , often called the fates in english . 
Faun ::   the faun ( , , " phaunos " , ) is a mythological half human – half goat ( from the head to the waist being human , but with the addition of goat horns ) manifestation of forest and animal spirits that would help or hinder humans at whim . 
Favonius ::   favonius was a roman " nomen " , meaning " favorable " . 
Abundantia ::   in ancient roman religion , abundantia ( ) was a divine personification of abundance and prosperity . 
Tarutius ::   in roman mythology , tarutius or tarrutius was a wealthy merchant married to acca larentia . 
Faustulus ::   in roman mythology , faustulus was the shepherd who found the infants romulus and remus , who were being suckled by a she - wolf , known as lupa , on the palatine hill . 
Turnus ::   in virgil 's " aeneid " , turnus was the king of the rutuli , and the chief antagonist of the hero aeneas . 
Lavinia ::   in roman mythology , lavinia (; ) is the daughter of latinus and amata and the last wife of aeneas . 
Acestes ::   in roman mythology , acestes or egestes ( greek " ' ) was the son of the sicilian river - god crinisus by a dardanian or trojan woman named egesta or segesta . 
Acmon ::   there are several characters named acmon ( ancient greek : ἄκμων ) in greek mythology : 
Adeona ::   adeona is a genus of bryozoans in the family adeonidae . 
Aeneads ::   in roman mythology , the aeneads ( αἰνειάδαι in greek ) were the friends , family and companions of aeneas , with whom they fled from troy after the trojan war . 
Aequitas ::   aequitas ( genitive " aequitatis " ) is the latin concept of justice , equality , conformity , symmetry , or fairness . 
Aeternitas ::   in ancient roman religion , aeternitas was the divine personification of eternity . 
XPointer ::   xpointer is a system for addressing components of xml - based internet media . 
Numitor ::   in roman mythology , king numitor of alba longa , was the son of procas , descendant of aeneas the trojan , and father of rhea silvia and lausus in 794 bc procas died and was meant to be succeeded by numitor . 
Amulius ::   in roman mythology , amulius was king of alba longa who ordered the death of his infant , twin grandnephews romulus , the eventual founder and king of rome , and remus . 
Angerona ::   in roman religion , angerona or angeronia was an old roman goddess , whose name and functions are variously explained . 
Angitia ::   angitia was a goddess among the marsi , the paeligni and other oscan - umbrian peoples of central italy . 
Antevorta ::   in ancient roman religion , antevorta was a goddess of the future , also known as porrima . 
Appias ::   in ancient rome , appias was a statue of a nymph near the appiades fountain in the forum of caesar . 
Aradia ::   aradia is one of the principal figures in the american folklorist charles godfrey leland 's 1899 work " aradia , or the gospel of the witches " , which he believed to be a genuine religious text used by a group of pagan witches in tuscany , a claim that has subsequently been disputed by other folklorists and historians . 
Arria ::   arria ( also arria major ) was a woman in ancient rome . 
Ausonia ::   ausonia is the ancient greek name for lower italy , extended poetically to all italy . 
AWT ::   awt may stand for : 
Avernus ::   avernus was an ancient name for a volcanic crater near cumae ( cuma ) , italy , in the region of campania west of naples . 
KRC ::   krc or krc may stand for : 
Epona ::   in gallo - roman religion , epona was a protector of horses , ponies , donkeys , and mules . 
Caeculus ::   in roman mythology , caeculus ( meaning " little blind boy " , from " caecus " " blind " ) was a son of vulcan , and the legendary founder of praeneste ( modern palestrina ) . 
Caieta ::   in roman mythology , caieta was the wet - nurse of aeneas . 
Camenae ::   in roman mythology , the camenae (; also " casmenae " , " camoenae " ) were originally goddesses of childbirth , wells and fountains , and also prophetic deities . 
Metabus ::   in roman mythology , king metabus of the volsci was the father of camilla . 
Cardea ::   cardea or carda was the ancient roman goddess of the hinge ( latin " cardo , cardinis " ) and a new estate near stanground , roman doors being hung on pivot hinges . 
Carmenta ::   in ancient roman religion and myth , carmenta was a goddess of childbirth and prophecy , associated with technological innovation as well as the protection of mothers and children , and a patron of midwives . 
Catillus ::   there are two catilli in roman legend : catillus the arcadian and his sons catillus , coras , and tiburtus escaped the mass killing at thebes and arrived at the aniene plateau . 
Tibertus ::   in roman mythology , tibertus is the god of the river anio , a tributary of the tiber . 
Clementia ::   in roman mythology , clementia was the goddess of clemency , leniency , mercy , forgiveness , penance , redemption , absolution and salvation . 
Clitunno ::   the clitunno , in antiquity the clitumnus , is a river in umbria , italy . 
Cloacina ::   in roman mythology , cloacina , " the cleanser " ( from the latin verb " cluo " , " to cleanse " , from which also " cloaca " , " sewer , drain " ) was the goddess who presided over the cloaca maxima ( " greatest drain " ) , the main trunk of the system of sewers in rome . 
Coelus ::   coelus is a genus of beetles in the family tenebrionidae . 
Terra ::   terra is the latin name for earth . 
Concordia ::   concordia is the latin word for " harmony , " literally " with ( one ) heart . " 
Consus ::   in ancient roman religion , the god consus was the protector of grains . 
Deverra ::   in roman mythology , deverra ( apparently from latin " deverro " " to sweep away " ) was one of the three gods that protected midwives and women in labor , the other two being pilumnus and intercidona . 
Disciplina ::   in roman mythology , disciplina was a minor deity and the personification of discipline . 
Domiduca ::   in roman mythology , the goddess domiduca protects children on the way back to their parents ' home . 
Lagos ::   lagos initially emerged as a port city which originated on a collection of islands , which are contained in the present day local government areas ( lgas ) of lagos island , eti - osa , amuwo - odofin and apapa ; the islands are separated by creeks , fringing the southwest mouth of lagos lagoon , while protected from the atlantic ocean by barrier islands and long sand spits such as bar beach , which stretch up to east and west of the mouth . 
Mysia ::   mysia ( uk , us or ; , , ) was a region in the northwest of ancient asia minor ( anatolia , asian part of modern turkey ) . 
Epitome ::   an epitome (; , from ἐπιτέμνειν " epitemnein " meaning " to cut short " ) is a summary or miniature form , or an instance that represents a larger reality , also used as a synonym for embodiments . 
Empanda ::   in ancient roman religion , empanda or panda was a goddess , or possibly an epithet of juno . 
Endovelicus ::   endovelicus ( also " endouellicus " , " endovélico " in portuguese ) , was an iron age god of public health and safety , worshipped in pre - roman and roman lusitania and gallaecia . 
Lupercus ::   lupercus of berytus was a greek grammarian . 
Faustitas ::   in roman mythology , the goddess faustitas ( latin : " good fortune " ) had the responsibility of protecting the herd and livestock . 
Febris ::   in roman mythology , febris ( " fever " ) was the goddess who embodied , but also protected people from fever and malaria . 
Felicitas ::   in ancient roman culture , felicitas ( from the latin adjective " felix " , " fruitful , blessed , happy , lucky " ) is a condition of divinely inspired productivity , blessedness , or happiness . 
Ferentina ::   ferentina was the patron goddess of the city ferentinum , latium . 
Feronia ::   feronia may mean : 
Juturna ::   in the myth and religion of ancient rome , juturna was a goddess of fountains , wells and springs , and the mother of fontus by janus . 
Fontus ::   in ancient roman religion , fontus or fons ( plural " fontes " , " font " or " source " ) was a god of wells and springs . 
Gravy ::   gravy is a sauce often made from the juices of meats that run naturally during cooking and tightened with wheat flour or cornstarch for added texture . 
Fraus ::   in roman mythology , fraus was the goddess or personification of treachery and fraud . 
Furrina ::   furrina , also spelled furina , was an ancient roman goddess whose function had become obscure by the time of varro . 
Hersilia ::   in roman mythology , hersilia was a figure in the foundation myth of rome . 
Erulus ::   in vergil 's " aeneid " , erulus is a king of praeneste . 
Honos ::   in roman mythology , honos was the god of chivalry , honor and military justice . 
Imporcitor ::   in roman mythology imporcitor was the deity of ploughing land with a wide furrow . 
Inuus ::   in ancient roman religion , inuus was a god , or aspect of a god , who embodied sexual intercourse . 
Italus ::   italus or italos ( from ) was a legendary king of the oenotrians , who were among the earliest inhabitants of italy . 
Atherosclerosis ::   atherosclerosis ( also known as arteriosclerotic vascular disease or asvd ) is a specific form of arteriosclerosis in which an artery wall thickens as a result of invasion and accumulation of white blood cells ( macrophages and foam cells ) and proliferation of intimal - smooth - muscle cell creating an atheromatous ( fibrofatty ) plaque . 
Moneta ::   in roman mythology , moneta ( latin monēta ) was a title given to two separate goddesses : the goddess of memory ( identified with the greek goddess mnemosyne ) and an epithet of juno , called juno moneta ( latin iūno monēta ) . 
Laverna ::   in roman mythology , laverna was a goddess of thieves , cheats and the underworld . 
Levana ::   levana ( from latin " levare , " " to lift " ) is an ancient roman goddess involved in rituals pertaining to childbirth . 
Shenmue ::   shenmue is an open - world action - adventure video game developed by sega am2 and published by sega for the dreamcast in 1999 in japan and late 2000 in other territories . 
Liberalitas ::   in ancient roman culture , liberalitas was the virtue of giving freely ( from " liber " , " free " ) , hence generosity . 
Libertas ::   libertas ( latin for " liberty " ) is the roman goddess and embodiment of liberty . 
Libitina ::   libitina , also libentina or lubentina , is an ancient roman goddess of funerals and burial . 
Lima ::   lima ( , , quechua : , aymara : ) is the capital and the largest city of peru . 
IA-64 ::   ia-64 ( also called intel itanium architecture ) is the instruction set architecture ( isa ) of the itanium family of 64-bit intel microprocessors . 
Metalloid ::   a metalloid is any chemical element which has properties in between those of metals and nonmetals , or that has a mixture of them . 
Pelota ::   pelota ( spanish for " ball " ) can refer to the popular and shortened names for a number of ball games : 
Larsa ::   larsa ( sumerian logogram : ud.unug , read " larsam " ) was an important city of ancient sumer , the center of the cult of the sun god utu . 
Uruk ::   uruk ( cuneiform : ; sumerian : " unug " ; akkadian : " uruk " ; , ' ; aramaic / hebrew : ' ; , " ") was an ancient city of sumer and later babylonia , situated east of the present bed of the euphrates river , on the dried - up , ancient channel of the euphrates river , some 30   km east of modern samawah , al - muthannā , iraq . 
Shamash ::   shamash ( akkadian : šamaš ud ) was the solar deity in ancient semitic religion , corresponding to the sumerian god utu . 
Vallon-Pont-d'Arc ::   vallon - pont - d'arc ( occitan : " valon " ) is a commune in the ardèche department in southern france . 
Prinair ::   prinair was a puerto rican airline . 
Burgundy ::   burgundy ( , ) is a historical territory and a former administrative region of france . 
Guyenne ::   guyenne or guienne (; ) was an old french province which corresponded roughly to the " aquitania secunda " of the romans and the archdiocese of bordeaux . 
Manes ::   in ancient roman religion , the manes or di manes are chthonic deities sometimes thought to represent souls of deceased loved ones . 
Calais ::   calais ( , traditionally ; ; ; ) is a town and major ferry port in northern france in the department of pas - de - calais , of which it is a sub - prefecture . 
Jehonadab ::   jehonadab (; meaning " jehovah is willing " ; latin : jonadab ) was the son of rechab . 
Nippur ::   nippur ( sumerian : " nibru " , often logographically recorded as , en.líl , " enlil city ; " akkadian : " nibbur " ) was among the most ancient of sumerian cities . 
Thatcherism ::   thatcherism describes the conviction politics , economic , social policy and political style of the british conservative party politician margaret thatcher , who was leader of her party from 1975 to 1990 . 
Sippar ::   sippar ( sumerian : zimbir ) was an ancient near eastern sumerian and later babylonian city on the east bank of the euphrates river , located at the site of modern tell abu habbah in iraq 's babil governorate , some 60   km north of babylon and 30   km southwest of baghdad . 
Nergal ::   nergal , nirgal , or nirgali ( sumerian : ; ; aramaic ܢܹܪܓܵܐܠ ; ) was a deity worshipped throughout mesopotamia ( akkad , assyria and babylonia ) with the main seat of his worship at cuthah represented by the mound of tell - ibrahim . 
Moledet ::   moledet ( , " homeland " ) was a small right - wing political party in israel . 
Mefitis ::   mefitis is the samnite goddess of the foul - smelling gases of the earth . 
Nusku ::   nusku was the name of the light and fire - god in babylonia and assyria , indistinguishable from girru - formerly gibil . 
Mellona ::   mellona or mellonia was an ancient roman goddess said by st. augustine to promote the supply of honey ( latin " mel , mellis " ) , as pomona did for apples and bubona for cattle . 
Mens ::   in roman mythology , mens , also known as bona mens or mens bona ( latin for " good mind " ) , was the personification of thought , consciousness and the mind , and also of " right - thinking " . 
Mezentius ::   in roman mythology , mezentius was an etruscan king , and father of lausus . 
Nascio ::   in roman mythology , nascio ( latin : " birth " ) was one of many goddesses of birth , and a protector of infants . 
Nerio ::   in ancient roman religion and myth , nerio was an ancient war goddess and the personification of valor . 
Novensiles ::   in ancient roman religion , the dii ( also di ) novensiles or novensides are collective deities of obscure significance found in inscriptions , prayer formulary , and both ancient and early - christian literary texts . 
Occator ::   occator can refer to : 
Ops ::   in ancient roman religion , ops or opis ( latin : " plenty " ) was a fertility deity and earth - goddess of sabine origin . 
Opis ::   opis ( akkadian " upî " or " upija " ; ) was an ancient babylonian city near the tigris , not far from modern baghdad . 
Orbona ::   in roman mythology , orbona was the goddess who granted new children to parents who had become childless . 
Pales ::   in ancient roman religion , pales was a deity of shepherds , flocks and livestock . 
Harran ::   harran ( , , ) was a major ancient city in upper mesopotamia whose site is near the modern village of altınbaşak , turkey , 44 kilometers southeast of şanlıurfa . 
Marduk ::   marduk ( cuneiform : amar.utu ; sumerian : " amar utu.k " " calf of the sun ; solar calf " ; greek , " mardochaios " ) was a late - generation god from ancient mesopotamia and patron deity of the city of babylon . 
Oléron ::   île d'oléron ( ) is an island off the atlantic coast of france ( due west of rochefort ) , on the southern side of the pertuis d'antioche strait . 
Picumnus ::   in roman mythology , picumnus was a god of fertility , agriculture , matrimony , infants and children . 
Sterquilinus ::   in roman mythology , sterquilinus ( " manure " or " feces " ) — also called stercutus and sterculius — was a god of feces . 
Pietas ::   pietas , translated variously as " duty " , " religiosity " or " religious behavior " , " loyalty " , " devotion " , or " filial piety " ( english " piety " derives from the latin ) , was one of the chief virtues among the ancient romans . 
Pilumnus ::   in roman mythology , pilumnus ( " staker " ) was a nature deity , brother of picumnus . 
Poena ::   in roman mythology , poena ( also poine ) is the spirit of punishment and the attendant of punishment to nemesis , the goddess of divine retribution . 
Vertumnus ::   in roman mythology , vertumnus (; also " vortumnus " or " vertimnus " ) is the god of seasons , change and plant growth , as well as gardens and fruit trees . 
Portunus ::   portunus is a genus of crab which includes several important species for fisheries , such as the blue swimming crab , " portunus pelagicus " and the gazami crab , " p.   trituberculatus " . 
Postverta ::   in roman mythology , postverta or postvorta ( also porrima ) was the goddess of the past and one of the two carmentes ( along with her sister antevorta , or prorsa contracted form of " proversa " ) . 
Procas ::   procas or proca ( said to have reigned 817 - 794 bc ) was one of the latin kings of alba longa in the mythic tradition of the founding of rome . 
Pudicitia ::   pudicitia ( " modesty " or " sexual virtue " ) was a central concept in ancient roman sexual ethics . 
Providentia ::   in ancient roman religion , providentia is a divine personification of the ability to foresee and make provision . 
Quirinus ::   in roman mythology and religion , quirinus ( ; , ) is an early god of the roman state . 
Quiritis ::   quiritis was a sabine ( pre - roman ) goddess of motherhood . 
Reparator ::   in roman mythology , rederator was the deity of the preparing fallow land for crops . 
Rumina ::   in ancient roman religion , rumina , also known as diva rumina , was a goddess who protected breastfeeding mothers , and possibly nursing infants . 
Sancus ::   in ancient roman religion , sancus ( also known as sangus or semo sancus ) was a god of trust ( " fides " ) , honesty , and oaths . 
Serritor ::   in roman mythology , saritor was the god of hoeing and weeding . 
Securitas ::   in roman mythology , securitas was the goddess of security and stability , especially the security of the roman empire . 
Semonia ::   in roman mythology , semonia was the goddess of sowing . 
Sergestus ::   in greco - roman mythology , sergestus was a trojan friend of aeneas . 
Sors ::   in roman mythology , sors , a lesser deity , was a god of luck . 
Spes ::   in ancient roman religion , spes ( pronounced ) was the goddess of hope . 
Spiniensis ::   in roman mythology , spiniensis was the god of thorns . 
Strenua ::   in ancient roman religion , strenua or strenia was a goddess of the new year , purification , and wellbeing . 
Suadela ::   in roman mythology , suadela ( or suada ) was a goddess of persuasion , particularly in romance , seduction and love . 
Summanus ::   in ancient roman religion , summanus ( ) was the god of nocturnal thunder , as counterposed to jupiter , the god of diurnal ( daylight ) thunder . 
Tempestas ::   in ancient roman religion , tempestas ( latin " " : " season , weather ; bad weather ; storm , tempest " ) is a goddess of storms or sudden weather . 
Vacuna ::   vacuna was an ancient sabine goddess , identified by ancient roman sources and later scholars with numerous other goddesses , including ceres , diana , nike , minerva , bellona , venus and victoria . 
Vervactor ::   in roman mythology , vervactor was the deity of ploughing fallow land . 
Verminus ::   in roman mythology , verminus was the roman god who protected cattle from disease . 
Viduus ::   in roman mythology , viduus ( " divider " ) was the god who separated the soul and the body after death . 
Viriplaca ::   viriplaca , in roman mythology , was " the goddess who soothes the anger of man , " and was applied as a surname of juno , describing her as the restorer of peace between married people . 
Veritas ::   in roman mythology , veritas , meaning " truth " , is the goddess of truth , a daughter of chronos , the god of time ( who has been identified with saturn - cronus , perhaps first by plutarch ) , and the mother of virtus . 
Volturnus ::   in roman mythology , volturnus was a god of the tiber , and may have been the god of all rivers . 
Aita ::   aita ( also spelled " eita " in etruscan inscriptions ) is the name of the etruscan equivalent to the greek hades , the divine ruler of the underworld . 
Aplu ::   aplu may mean : 
Artume ::   artume ( also called " aritimi " , " artames " , or " artumes " ) was an etruscan goddess who was the mistress of animals , goddess of human assemblies and hunting deity of neolithic origin . 
Charun ::   in etruscan mythology , charun ( also spelled charu , or karun ) acted as one of the psychopompoi of the underworld ( not to be confused with the lord of the underworld , known to the etruscans as aita ) . 
Februus ::   in ancient roman religion , februus , whose name means " purifier " , was the god of purification . 
Fufluns ::   in etruscan mythology , fufluns ( or puphluns ) was a god of plant life , happiness , wine , health , and growth in all things . 
Laran ::   in etruscan mythology , laran was the god of war . 
Mantus ::   in etruscan myth and religion , mantus was a god of the underworld in the po valley , as described by servius . 
Menrva ::   menrva ( also spelled menerva ) was an etruscan goddess of war , art , wisdom , and medicine . 
Nethuns ::   in etruscan mythology , nethuns was the god of wells , later expanded to all water , including the sea . 
Nortia ::   nortia is the latinized name of the etruscan goddess nurtia ( variant manuscript readings include " norcia " , " norsia " , " nercia " , and " nyrtia " ) , whose sphere of influence was time , fate , destiny , chance and p3 . 
Tages ::   tages was a founding prophet of etruscan religion who is known from reports by latin authors of the late roman republic and roman empire . 
Tarchon ::   in etruscan mythology , tarchon and his brother , tyrrhenus , were culture heroes who founded the etruscan league of twelve cities , the dodecapoli . 
Tyrrhenus ::   in etruscan mythology , tyrrhenus ( in ) was one of the founders of the etruscan league of twelve cities , along with his brother tarchon . 
Thalna ::   in etruscan religion and myth , thalna was a divine figure usually regarded as a goddess of childbirth . 
Tinia ::   tinia ( also tin , tinh , tins or " tina " ) was the god of the sky and the highest god in etruscan mythology , equivalent to the roman jupiter and the greek zeus . 
Thesan ::   in etruscan mythology , thesan was the etruscan goddess of the dawn , divination and childbirth ( as well as a love - goddess ) and was associated with the generation of life . 
Tuchulcha ::   in etruscan mythology , tuchulcha was a chthonic daemon ( not to be confused with the christian term " demon " ) with pointed ears ( perhaps those of a donkey ) , and hair made of snakes and a beak ( perhaps that of a vulture ) . 
Turan ::   tūrān ( persian ) literally means " the land of the tur " , and is a region in central asia . 
Turms ::   in etruscan religion , turms ( usually written as 𐌕𐌖𐌓𐌑𐌌 " turmś " in the etruscan alphabet ) was the equivalent of roman mercury and greek hermes , both gods of trade and the messenger god between people and gods . 
Hercle ::   in etruscan religion and myth , hercle ( also " heracle " or " hercl " ) , the son of tinia and uni , was a version of the greek heracles , depicted as a muscular figure often carrying a club and wearing a lionskin . 
Vanth ::   vanth is a chthonic figure in etruscan mythology shown in a variety of forms of funerary art , such as in tomb paintings and on sarcophagi . 
Voltumna ::   in etruscan mythology , voltumna or veltha was the chthonic ( relating to or inhabiting the underworld ) deity , who became the supreme god of the etruscan pantheon , the " deus etruriae princeps " , according to varro . 
Stoma ::   in botany , a stoma ( plural " stomata " ) , also called a stomate ( plural " stomates " ) ( from greek στόμα , " mouth " ) , is a pore , found in the epidermis of leaves , stems , and other organs , that facilitates gas exchange . 
Phonon ::   in physics , a phonon is a collective excitation in a periodic , elastic arrangement of atoms or molecules in condensed matter , like solids and some liquids . 
Nibelungenlied ::   the nibelungenlied , translated as the song of the nibelungs , is an epic poem in middle high german . 
Amphiuma ::   amphiuma is a genus of aquatic salamanders from the united states , the only extant genus within the family amphiumidae . 
Longsword ::   a longsword ( also spelled as long sword or long - sword ) is a type of european sword characterized as having a cruciform hilt with a grip for two - handed use ( around ) and a straight double - edged blade of around . 
Abandinus ::   abandinus was a name used to refer to a celtic god or male spirit worshipped in godmanchester in cambridgeshire during the romano - celtic period . 
Abellio ::   abellio ( also abelio and abelionni ) was a god worshipped in the garonne valley in gallia aquitania ( now southwest france ) , known primarily by a number of inscriptions which were discovered in comminges . 
Abhean ::   in irish mythology , abhean ( pronounced " ay - veen " ) son of bec - felmas was a poet of the tuatha dé danann , and in particular of lugh . 
Abnoba ::   abnoba is a name with theological and geographical meanings : it is the name of a gaulish goddess who was worshiped in the black forest and surrounding areas . 
Achall ::   achall , daughter of cairbre nia fer , king of tara , and his wife fedelm noíchrothach , is a minor character from the ulster cycle of irish mythology . 
Seine-Maritime ::   seine - maritime ( ) is a department of france in the normandy region of northern france . 
Cormac ::   cormac is a masculine given name in the irish and english languages . 
Barinthus ::   barinthus can refer to : 
Manawydan ::   manawydan fab llŷr is a figure of welsh mythology , the son of llŷr and the brother of brân the blessed and brânwen . 
Achtland ::   in irish mythology , queen achtland married one of the tuatha dé danann who were the people of the goddess danu . 
Adsullata ::   in celtic mythology , adsullata was a river goddess of the continental celts associated with the river savus ( sava ) in noricum . 
Aengus ::   in irish mythology , aengus ( ) is a member of the tuatha dé danann and probably a god of love , youth and poetic inspiration . 
Silphidae ::   silphidae is a family of beetles that are known commonly as large carrion beetles , carrion beetles or burying beetles . 
Boann ::   boann or boand ( modern spelling : bóinn ) is the irish goddess of the river boyne , a river in leinster , ireland . 
Elcmar ::   in irish mythology , elcmar or ecmar ( modern spelling : ealcmhar ) was the husband of boann and belonged to the semi - divine race the tuatha de danann , the people of danu . 
Caer ::   caer (; or ' ) is a placename element in welsh meaning " stronghold " , " fortress " , or " citadel " , roughly equivalent to the old english suffix now variously written as and . 
Ethal ::   in irish mythology , ethal anbuail , sometimes spelled anubhail , is one of the tuatha dé danann , and king at sidhe uamuin in connacht . 
Bov ::   bov can refer to many things : 
Erecura ::   erecura or aerecura ( also found as " herecura " or " eracura " ) was a goddess worshipped in ancient times , often thought to be celtic in origin , mostly represented with the attributes of proserpina and associated with the roman underworld god dis pater , as on an altar from sulzbach . 
Aibell ::   in irish legend 
Aillen ::   aillen or áillen is a being in irish mythology . 
Aimend ::   in irish mythology and genealogy , aimend is the daughter of óengus bolg , king of the dáirine or corcu loígde . 
Áine ::   áine ( ) is an irish goddess of summer , wealth and sovereignty . 
Rosmerta ::   in gallo - roman religion , rosmerta was a goddess of fertility and abundance , her attributes being those of plenty such as the cornucopia . 
Ludd ::   ludd can refer to : 
Chayanne ::   elmer figueroa arce ( born june 28 , 1968 ) , better known under the stage name chayanne , is a puerto rican latin pop singer , actor and composer . 
Airmed ::   in irish mythology , the goddess airmed ( also given as airmid ) was one of the tuatha dé danann . 
Alaunus ::   alaunus or alaunius was a gaulish god of healing and prophecy . 
Caturix ::   caturix was the war god of the helvetii . 
Alisanos ::   in gallo - roman religion , alisanos or alisaunus was a local god worshipped in what is now the côte - d'or in burgundy and at aix - en - provence . 
Amaethon ::   in welsh mythology , amaethon ( ( ) , meaning " amaethon son of dôn " ) was the god of agriculture , and the son of the goddess dôn . 
Gwydion ::   gwydion fab dôn ( ) is a magician , hero and trickster of welsh mythology , appearing most prominently in the fourth branch of the " mabinogi " , which focuses largely on his relationship with his young nephew , lleu llaw gyffes . 
Gilfaethwy ::   in welsh mythology , gilfaethwy ( ) was a son of the goddess dôn and brother of gwydion and arianrhod in the fourth branch of the mabinogi . 
Goewin ::   goewin ( ) is a figure in welsh mythology , where she has a small but crucial role in the " math fab mathonwy " , one of the four branches of the mabinogi . 
Pryderi ::   pryderi fab pwyll is a prominent figure in welsh mythology , the son of pwyll and rhiannon , and king of dyfed after his father 's death . 
Arianrhod ::   arianrhod ( ) is a figure in welsh mythology who plays her most important role in the fourth branch of the " mabinogi " . 
Blodeuwedd ::   blodeuwedd or blodeuedd ( ) , ( middle welsh " flower - faced " , a composite name from " blodeu " " flowers , blossoms " + " gwedd " " face , aspect , appearance " ) , is the wife of lleu llaw gyffes in welsh mythology . 
Gofannon ::   gofannon ( ) is a middle welsh reflex of gobannus , one of the deities worshipped by the ancient celts . 
Goibniu ::   in irish mythology goibniu ( old irish , pronounced ) or gaibhne ( modern irish ) was the metalsmith of the tuatha dé danann . 
Ambisagrus ::   in gallo - roman religion , ambisagrus was a gaulish god worshipped at aquileia in cisalpine gaul , where he was identified with jupiter optimus maximus . 
Badb ::   in irish mythology , the badb ( old irish , ) or badhbh ( modern irish , ) —meaning " crow "— is a war goddess who takes the form of a crow , and is thus sometimes known as badb catha ( " battle crow " ) . 
Macha ::   macha ( ) was a sovereignty goddess of ancient ireland associated with the province of ulster , particularly with the sites of navan fort ( " eamhain mhacha " ) and armagh ( " ard mhacha " ) , which are named after her . 
Ancamna ::   in gallo - roman religion , ancamna was a goddess worshipped particularly in the valley of the moselle river . 
Andarta ::   in celtic polytheism , andarta was a warrior goddess worshipped in southern gaul . 
Andraste ::   andraste , also known as andrasta or andred , was , according to the roman historian dio cassius , an icenic war goddess invoked by boudica in her fight against the roman occupation of britain in ad 60 . 
Anextiomarus ::   anextiomarus is a celtic epithet of the sun - god apollo recorded in a romano - british inscription from south shields , england . 
Annwn ::   annwn , annwfn , or annwfyn ( in middle welsh , " annwvn " , " annwyn " , " annwyfn " , " annwvyn " , or " annwfyn " ) was the otherworld in welsh mythology . 
Creiddylad ::   creiddylad ( also known as " creirddylad " , " creurdilad " , " creudylad " or " kreiddylat " ) , daughter of king lludd , is a minor character in the early medieval welsh arthurian tale " culhwch ac olwen " . 
Arawn ::   in welsh mythology , arawn ( /'ɑːrɑːʊn/ ) was the king of the otherworld realm of annwn , appearing prominently in the first branch , and alluded to in the fourth . 
Pwyll ::   pwyll pen annwn is a prominent figure in welsh mythology and literature , the lord of dyfed , husband of rhiannon and father of the hero pryderi . 
Rhiannon ::   rhiannon is a major figure in the mabinogi , the medieval welsh story collection . 
Hefeydd ::   in the first branch of the mabinogion , hefeydd hen ( or heyfedd the old ) was the father of rhiannon . 
Gwawl ::   in welsh mythology , gwawl ( gwawl fab clud ) was the son of clud , and tricks pwyll into promising him rhiannon . 
Teyrnon ::   in welsh tradition , teyrnon twryf lliant is the lord of the kingdom of gwent and the foster father of the divine son , pryderi . 
Hafgan ::   hafgan is one of the kings of annwn , the otherworld in welsh mythology . 
Arduinna ::   in gallo - roman religion , arduinna ( also arduina , arduinnae or arduinne ) was the eponymous tutelary goddess of the ardennes forest and region , thought to be represented as a huntress riding a boar ( primarily in the present - day regions of belgium and luxembourg ) . 
Arnemetia ::   arnemetia was a goddess in romano - british religion . 
Artio ::   artio ( " dea artio " in the gallo - roman religion ) was a celtic bear goddess . 
Arvernus ::   in gallo - roman religion , arvernus was the tribal god of the arverni and an epithet of the gaulish mercury . 
Afallach ::   afallach ( old welsh aballac ) is a man 's name found in several medieval welsh genealogies , where he is made the son of beli mawr . 
Modron ::   modron ( " mother " ) is a figure in welsh tradition , known as the mother of the hero mabon ap modron . 
Aveta ::   in gallo - roman religion , dea aveta was a mother goddess , also associated with the fresh - water spring at trier in what is now germany . 
Binoculars ::   binoculars or field glasses are two telescopes mounted side - by - side and aligned to point in the same direction , allowing the viewer to use both eyes ( binocular vision ) when viewing distant objects . 
Balor ::   in irish mythology , balor ( modern spelling : balar ) was king of named fomorians , a group of supernatural beings . 
Biróg ::   biróg , in irish mythology , is the name of a druidess of the tuatha de danann . 
Cethlenn ::   in irish mythology , cethlenn ( old irish ) , cethleann ( modern irish , or cethlenn of the crooked teeth ) was the wife of balor of the fomorians and , by him , the mother of ethniu . 
Banba ::   in irish mythology , banba ( modern spelling : banbha , pronounced ) , daughter of ernmas of the tuatha dé danann , is a patron goddess of ireland . 
Ériu ::   in irish mythology , ériu (; modern irish éire ) , daughter of ernmas of the tuatha dé danann , was the eponymous matron goddess of ireland . 
Fódla ::   in irish mythology , fódla or fótla ( modern spelling : fódhla or fóla ) , daughter of ernmas of the tuatha dé danann , was one of the tutelary goddesses of ireland . 
Beag ::   in irish mythology , bec ( modern irish " beag " , meaning " small " ) was one of the tuatha dé danann . 
Belatucadros ::   belatucadros or belatucadrus , was a deity worshipped in celtic northern britain , particularly in cumberland and westmorland . 
Belenus ::   belenus ( also " belenos , belinus , bel , beli mawr " ) is a sun god from celtic mythology and , in the third century , the patron deity of the italian city of aquileia . 
Bile ::   bile or gall is a dark green to yellowish brown fluid , produced by the liver of most vertebrates , that aids the digestion of lipids in the small intestine . 
Belisama ::   in celtic polytheism , belisama ( epigraphically ) was a goddess worshipped in gaul . 
Brigid ::   brigit , brigid or bríg ( , , " exalted one " ) was a goddess of pre - christian ireland . 
Bride ::   a bride is a woman who is about to be married or who is newlywed . 
Tuireann ::   in irish mythology , tuireann ( old irish : tuirenn or tuirill biccreo ) was the father by brigid of creidhne , luchtaine , and giobhniu . 
Creidhne ::   in irish mythology , credne ( old irish ) or creidhne ( modern irish – pronounced " creynya " ) was a son of brigid and tuireann and the goldsmith of the tuatha dé danann , but he also worked with bronze and brass . 
Luchtaine ::   in irish mythology , luchtaine ( or luchta ) was a son of brigid and tuireann and the carpenter or wright of the tuatha dé danann . 
Britannia ::   britannia was a roman - britain province inhabited by the celtic britons , belgae and picts , encompassing parts of the island south of caledonia ( roughly scotland ) of the geographical region of great britain and is the name given to the female personification of the island . 
Borvo ::   in lusitanian and celtic polytheism , borvo ( also known variously as bormo , bormanus , bormanicus , borbanus , boruoboendua , vabusoa , labbonus or borus ) was the celtic god of minerals and healing deity associated with bubbling spring water . 
Branwen ::   branwen , daughter of llŷr is a major character in the second branch of the " mabinogi " , which is sometimes called the " mabinogi of branwen " after her . 
Penarddun ::   penarddun is a figure in welsh mythology , the wife of llŷr . 
Euroswydd ::   euroswydd is a figure in welsh mythology , the father of nisien and efnysien by penarddun , daughter of beli mawr . 
Nisien ::   nisien is a figure in welsh mythology , the son of penarddun and llŷr and twin brother of efnysien . 
Efnysien ::   efnisien fab euroswydd ( also spelled efnissien or efnysien ) is a sadistic anti - hero in welsh mythology , appearing prominently in the tale of " branwen ferch llŷr " , the second branch of the mabinogi . 
Matholwch ::   matholwch , king of ireland , is a character in the second branch of the " mabinogi " , the tale of branwen ferch llŷr . 
Gwern ::   matholwch , king of ireland , sails across the irish sea to ask the british high king , brân , for the hand of his sister branwen in marriage . 
Bres ::   in irish mythology , bres ( or bress ) was a king of the tuatha dé danann . 
Elatha ::   in irish mythology , elatha or elada ( modern spelling : ealadha ) was a king of the fomorians and the father of bres by ériu of the tuatha dé danann . 
Cailleach ::   in gaelic mythology ( irish , scottish and manx ) the ( , ) is a divine hag , a creator deity and weather deity , and an ancestor deity . 
Camma ::   camma was a galatian princess and priestess of artemis whom plutarch writes about in both " on the bravery of women " and the " eroticus " or " amatorius " . 
Camulus ::   camulus or camulos was a theonym for a deity of the celts that the romans equated with mars in the interpretatio graeca . 
Canola ::   canola oil , or canola for short , is a vegetable oil derived from rapeseed that is low in erucic acid , as opposed to colza oil . 
Carman ::   in celtic mythology , carman or carmun was a warrior - woman and sorceress from athens who tried to invade ireland in the days of the tuatha dé danann , along with her three sons , dub ( " black " ) , dother ( " evil " ) and dian ( " violence " ) . 
Cartimandua ::   cartimandua or cartismandua ( reigned ) was a 1st - century queen of the brigantes , a celtic people living in what is now northern england . 
Ceridwen ::   ceridwen ( " ce - rid - wen " ) was an enchantress in welsh medieval legend . 
Taliesin ::   taliesin ( 6th century ad ; ; ) was an early brythonic poet of sub - roman britain whose work has possibly survived in a middle welsh manuscript , the " book of taliesin " . 
Morda ::   morda is a village on the outskirts of the town of oswestry , shropshire , england , located near the border of england and wales . 
Cessair ::   cessair or cesair ( spelt ceasair in modern irish ; anglicized kesair ) is a character from the " lebor gabála érenn " , a medieval christian pseudo - history of ireland . 
Fomorians ::   the fomorians ( , modern ) are a supernatural race in irish mythology . 
Nemed ::   nemed or nimeth ( modern spelling : neimheadh ) is a character in medieval irish mythohistory . 
Clíodhna ::   in irish mythology , clíodhna ( , clídna , clionadh , clíodna , clíona , transliterated to kleena in english ) is a queen of the banshees of the tuatha dé danann . 
Clota ::   in celtic mythology , clota was the patron goddess of the river clyde . 
Cocidius ::   in romano - british religion , cocidius was a deity worshipped in northern britain . 
Deirdre ::   deirdre (; ; " derdriu " ) is the foremost tragic heroine in irish legend and probably its best - known figure in modern times . 
Condatis ::   in celtic mythology , condatis ( " waters meet " ) was a deity worshipped primarily in northern britain but also in gaul . 
Coventina ::   coventina was a romano - british goddess of wells and springs . 
Autograph ::   an autograph ( from the , " autós " , " self " and γράφω , " gráphō " , " write " ) is a document transcribed entirely in the handwriting of its author , as opposed to a typeset document or one written by an amanuensis or a copyist ; the meaning overlaps with that of the word holograph . 
Herma ::   a herma ( , pl . " hermai " ) , commonly in english herm , is a sculpture with a head , and perhaps a torso , above a plain , usually squared lower section , on which male genitals may also be carved at the appropriate height . 
Goalkeeper ::   in many team sports which involve scoring goals , the goalkeeper ( termed goaltender , netminder , goalie or keeper in some sports ) is a designated player charged with directly preventing the opposing team from scoring by intercepting shots at goal . 
Fluxus ::   fluxus is an international and interdisciplinary group of artists , composers , designers and poets that took shape in the 1960s and 1970s . 
Microbat ::   the microbats constitute the now outdated suborder microchiroptera within the order chiroptera ( bats ) . 
Alt.religion.scientology ::   the newsgroup alt.religion.scientology ( often abbreviated a.r.s or ars ) is a usenet newsgroup started in 1991 to discuss the controversial beliefs of scientology , as well as the activities of the church of scientology , which claims exclusive intellectual property rights thereto and is viewed by many as a dangerous cult . 
Alt.binaries.slack ::   alt.binaries.slack is a usenet newsgroup created for the purpose of posting pictures , sounds , and utilities related to the church of the subgenius , making them available for everyone to see and hear . 
Swamp ::   a swamp is a wetland that is forested . 
Liturgy ::   liturgy is the customary public worship performed by a religious group , according to its beliefs , customs and traditions . 
Megabat ::   megabats constitute the suborder megachiroptera , and its only family pteropodidae of the order chiroptera ( bats ) . 
Puzzle ::   a puzzle is a game , problem , or toy that tests a person 's ingenuity or knowledge . 
Setanta ::   setanta can mean : 
Carcassonne ::   carcassonne (; ; ) is a fortified french town in the aude department , of which it is the prefecture , in the region of occitanie . 
Damona ::   in gallo - roman religion , damona was a goddess worshipped in gaul as the consort of apollo borvo and of apollo moritasgus . 
Miach ::   in irish mythology , miach ( ) was a son of dian cecht of the tuatha dé danann . 
Slane ::   slane ( , meaning ' town of sláine mac dela ' ) is a village in county meath , in ireland . 
Ogma ::   ogma ( modern spelling : oghma ) is a character from irish mythology and scottish mythology . 
Ogmios ::   ogmios ( also known as ogmius ; ; ) was the celtic deity of eloquence . 
Deichtine ::   in irish mythology , deichtine or deichtire was the sister of conchobar mac nessa and the mother of cú chulainn . 
Súaltam ::   súaltam ( súaltaim , súaldam , súaldaim , súaltach ) mac róich is the mortal father of the hero cúchulainn in the ulster cycle of irish mythology . 
Emer ::   emer , in scottish gaelic eimhir in modern irish eimhear or éimhear ( eimer and éimear are also used as modern versions , though historically incorrect ) daughter of forgall monach , is the wife of the hero cú chulainn in the ulster cycle of irish mythology . 
Esus ::   esus , hesus , or aisus was a gaulish god known from two monumental statues and a line in lucan 's " bellum civile " . 
Étaín ::   étaín or édaín ( modern irish spelling : éadaoin ) is a figure of irish mythology , best known as the heroine of " tochmarc étaíne " ( " the wooing of étaín " ) , one of the oldest and richest stories of the mythological cycle . 
Fand ::   fand ( ' tear ' ) or fann ( ' weak , helpless person ' ) is an otherworldly woman in irish mythology . 
Ferdiad ::   ferdiad (; also " fer diad " , " ferdia " , " fear diadh " ) , son of damán , son of dáire , of the fir domnann , is a warrior of connacht in the ulster cycle of irish mythology . 
Maeve ::   maeve , maev or maiv is a female given name of irish origin . 
Culann ::   in the ulster cycle of irish mythology , culann was a smith whose house was protected by a ferocious watchdog . 
Scáthach ::   scáthach ( ) , or " sgathaich " , is a figure in the ulster cycle of irish mythology . 
Fianna ::   fianna ( singular fiann ) were small , semi - independent warrior bands in irish mythology . 
Fionn ::   fionn is a masculine given name in irish and scottish gaelic . 
Finn ::   finn ( " pl . " finns ) usually refer to a member of the finnic ethnic group or a person from finland . 
Cumhall ::   cumhall ( earlier cumall , pronounced roughly " coo - al " or " cool " ) son of trénmór ( " strong - great " ) is a figure in the fenian cycle of irish mythology , a leader of the fianna and the father of fionn mac cumhaill . 
Muirne ::   muirne or muireann muncháem ( " beautiful neck " ) was the mother of fionn mac cumhail in the fenian cycle of irish mythology . 
Bodhmall ::   bodhmall or bodmall is one of fionn mac cumhaill 's childhood caretakers in the fenian cycle of irish mythology . 
Fionnuala ::   in irish mythology , finnguala ( modern spellings : fionnghuala or fionnuala ; literally " fionn - ghuala " meaning " fair - shoulder " ) was the daughter of lir of the tuatha dé danann . 
Aífe ::   ' ( old irish , spelled ' in modern irish , ) is a character from the ulster cycle of irish mythology . 
Connla ::   connla or conlaoch is a character in the ulster cycle of irish mythology , the son of the ulster champion cú chulainn and the scottish warrior woman aífe . 
Grannus ::   in the celtic polytheism of classical antiquity , grannus ( also " granus " , " mogounus , " and " amarcolitanus " ) was a deity associated with spas , healing thermal and mineral springs , and the sun . 
Sirona ::   in celtic polytheism , sirona was a goddess worshipped predominantly in east central gaul and along the danubian limes . 
Icaunis ::   in gallo - roman religion , dea icaunis was the goddess of the river yonne in gaul . 
Mitchella ::   mitchella is a genus of flowering plants in the rubiaceae family . 
Flann ::   flann is both an english surname and an irish masculine given name , but has also been used as a feminine given name . 
Loucetios ::   in gallo - roman religion , loucetios ( latinized as leucetius ) was a gallic god known from the rhine - moselle region , where he was invariably identified with the roman mars . 
Languedoc-Roussillon ::   languedoc - roussillon (; ; ) is a former administrative region of france . 
Lugus ::   lugus was a deity of the celtic pantheon . 
Luxovius ::   in gallo - roman religion , luxovios , latinized as luxovius was the god of the waters of luxeuil , worshipped in gaul . 
Bricta ::   in gallo - roman religion , bricta or brixta was a gaulish goddess who was a consort of luxovius , god of the waters of luxeuil - les - bains ( in antiquity , " luxovium " ) . 
Culhwch ::   culhwch ( , with the final consonant sounding like scottish " loch " ) , in welsh mythology , is the son of cilydd son of celyddon and goleuddydd , a cousin of arthur and the protagonist of the story " culhwch and olwen " ( the earliest of the medieval welsh tales appended to lady charlotte guest 's edition of the mabinogion ) . 
Olwen ::   in welsh mythology , olwen is the daughter of the giant ysbaddaden and cousin of goreu . 
Ysbaddaden ::   culhwch 's father , king cilydd son of celyddon , loses his wife goleuddydd after a difficult childbirth . 
Maponos ::   in ancient celtic religion , maponos or maponus ( " great son " ) is a god of youth known mainly in northern britain but also in gaul . 
Murigen ::   in welsh mythology , murigen was a goddess of lakes , and associated with flooding . 
Nantosuelta ::   in celtic mythology , nantosuelta is the goddess of nature the earth , fire , and fertility . 
Nemausus ::   deus nemausus is often said to have been the celtic patron god of nemausus ( nîmes ) . 
Nemetona ::   nemetona , or ‘ 
Oisin ::   oisín ( pronounced in irish as , with stress on first syllable ) is an irish male given name . 
Enbarr ::   the enbarr of manannán , or enbarr of the flowing mane , ( also written " aenbharr " , " aonbharr " , " aonbárr " , " énbarr " , " enbhárr " ; classical irish : " aonḃaɼɼ mhanannáin " ) was the name in the irish mythological cycle of the horse of lugh lamh - fada ( ) , which could traverse both land and sea . 
Nodens ::   nodens ( nudens , nodons ) is a celtic deity associated with healing , the sea , hunting and dogs . 
MISTRAM ::   mistram ( " missile trajectory measurement " ) was a high - resolution tracking system used by the united states air force ( and later nasa ) to provide highly detailed trajectory analysis of rocket launches . 
Wellsburg ::   wellsburg is the name of several communities in the united states . 
Burgas ::   burgas ( , ) , sometimes transliterated as " bourgas " , is the second largest city on the bulgarian black sea coast and the fourth - largest in bulgaria after sofia , plovdiv , and varna , with a population of 211,033 inhabitants , while 277,922 live in its urban area . 
Varna ::   varna ( , pronounced ) is the third largest city in bulgaria and the largest city and seaside resort on the bulgarian black sea coast . 
Sissy ::   sissy is a pejorative term , especially in the u.s. , for an effeminate boy or man , with connotations of being homosexual or a coward . 
Réunion ::   réunion ( , ; previously " île bourbon " ) is an island and region of france in the indian ocean , east of madagascar and southwest of mauritius . 
Bukhara ::   bukhara (; ; ) is one of the cities ( viloyat ) of uzbekistan . 
Cigfa ::   cigfa ferch gwyn glohoyw ( middle welsh : " kigua " ) is a minor character in welsh mythology , the wife of king pryderi of dyfed . 
Robor ::   in gallo - roman religion , robor or roboris was a god invoked alongside the " genius loci " on a single inscription found in angoulême . 
Rudianos ::   in ancient celtic religion , rudianos was a war god worshiped in gaul . 
Saône ::   the saône ( ; arpitan sona , ) is a river of eastern france . 
Segomo ::   in gallo - roman religion , segomo ( " victor , mighty one " ) was a war god worshipped in gaul . 
Dirona ::   dirona is a genus of sea slugs , pacific ocean nudibranchs , marine , opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family dironidae . 
Smertrios ::   in gallo - roman religion , smertrios or smertrius was a god of war worshipped in gaul and noricum . 
Tailtiu ::   tailtiu or tailltiu (; modern spelling : tailte ) ( also known as talti ) is the name of a presumed goddess from irish mythology . 
Tamesis ::   tamesis was the ancient name for the river thames . 
Taranis ::   in celtic mythology taranis was the god of thunder worshipped primarily in gaul , gallaecia , the british isles , but also in the rhineland and danube regions , amongst others . 
Kian ::   kian ( , also romanized as kīān ; also known as shahr - e kīān ( persian : کیان ) , is a city in the central district of shahrekord county , chaharmahal and bakhtiari province , iran . 
Eithne ::   eithne is a female personal name of irish origin . 
Vosegus ::   vosegus ( sometimes vosagus or vosacius ) was a name used in the roman empire for a celtic god of hunting and forestation . 
Marne ::   marne ( ) is a department in north - eastern france named after the river marne ( " matrona " in roman times ) which flows through the department . 
Bitterroot ::   bitterroot ( " lewisia rediviva " ) is a small perennial herb in the montiaceae family . 
Opatija ::   opatija (; , archaic german : " sankt jakobi " ) is a town in primorje - gorski kotar county in western croatia . 
Galesburg ::   galesburg is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
Lakeland ::   lakeland is primarily a toponym . 
Besançon ::   besançon ( french and arpitan : ; archaic , ) is the capital of the department of doubs and the former capital of franche - comté , a region in eastern france close to the border with switzerland . 
Brignoles ::   brignoles (; ) is a commune in the var " département " in the provence - alpes - côte d'azur region in southern france . 
Centralia ::   centralia most notably refers to centralia , pennsylvania , a near ghost town because of the centralia mine fire , which has been burning underground since 1969 . 
Greenhouse ::   a greenhouse ( also called a ' glasshouse ' , or , if with sufficient heating , a hothouse ) is a structure with walls and roof made chiefly of transparent material , such as glass , in which plants requiring regulated climatic conditions are grown . 
Everglades ::   the everglades ( or pa - hay - okee ) is a natural region of tropical wetlands in the southern portion of the u.s. state of florida , comprising the southern half of a large drainage basin and part of the neotropic ecozone . 
Ductility ::   in materials science , 
Tapestry ::   tapestry is a form of textile art , traditionally woven on a vertical loom . 
Glottochronology ::   glottochronology ( from attic greek γλῶττα " tongue , language " and χρóνος " time " ) is that part of lexicostatistics dealing with the chronological relationship between languages . 
FurryMUCK ::   furrymuck is one of the oldest and largest non - combat mud - style games in existence . 
Canasta ::   canasta (; spanish for " basket " ) is a card game of the rummy family of games believed to be a variant of 500 rum . 
SNCF ::   sncf (; " national society of french railways " or " french national railway corporation " ) is france 's national state - owned railway company and manages the rail traffic in france and the principality of monaco . 
Göndul ::   in norse mythology , göndul ( old norse " wand - wielder " ) is a valkyrie . 
Hildr ::   in norse mythology , hildr ( old norse " battle " ) is a valkyrie . 
Sigrún ::   sigrún ( old norse " victory rune " ) is a valkyrie in norse mythology . 
Brynhildr ::   brynhildr ( also spelled brünhild , brunnhilde , brynhild ) is a shieldmaiden and a valkyrie in germanic mythology , where she appears as a main character in the " völsunga saga " and some eddic poems treating the same events . 
CycL ::   cycl in computer science and artificial intelligence is an ontology language used by doug lenat 's cyc artificial intelligence project . 
Connectedness ::   in mathematics , connectedness is used to refer to various properties meaning , in some sense , " all one piece " . 
Arachnid ::   arachnids are a class ( arachnida ) of joint - legged invertebrate animals ( arthropods ) , in the subphylum chelicerata . 
Boggle ::   boggle is a word game designed by allan turoff and originally distributed by parker brothers . 
Bubalus ::   bubalus is a genus of bovines that was first described by charles hamilton smith in 1827 . 
Surveillance ::   surveillance ( or ) is the monitoring of behavior , activities , or other changing information for the purpose of influencing , managing , directing , or protecting people . 
YMCA ::   the young men 's christian association , commonly known as the ymca or simply the y , is a worldwide organization based in geneva , switzerland , with more than 2 billion beneficiaries from 125 national associations . 
Orinoco ::   the orinoco river is one of the longest rivers in south america at . 
Alaisiagae ::   in romano - british culture and germanic polytheism , the alaisiagae ( possibly " dispatching terrors " or " all - victorious " ) were a pair of celtic and germanic goddesses deifying victory . 
Thoughtcrime ::   a thoughtcrime is an orwellian neologism used to describe an illegal thought . 
Ingsoc ::   ingsoc ( newspeak for " english socialism " or the english socialist party ) is the political ideology of the totalitarian government of oceania in george orwell 's dystopian novel " nineteen eighty - four " . 
Regin ::   reginn , often anglicized as regin or regan , in norse mythology , was the son of hreiðmarr and foster father of sigurd . 
Hreiðmarr ::   in norse mythology , hreiðmarr ( anglicized as hreidmar ) is a sorcerer . 
Fafnir ::   in norse mythology , fáfnir ( old norse and icelandic ) or frænir is a son of the dwarf king hreidmar and brother of regin , ótr , lyngheiðr and lofnheiðr . 
Sigmund ::   in norse mythology , sigmund ( old norse : sigmundr ) is a hero whose story is told in the völsunga saga . 
Völsung ::   in norse mythology , völsung ( ) was the son of rerir and the eponymous ancestor of the ill - fortuned völsung clan ( ) , which includes the well known norse hero sigurð . 
Andvaranaut ::   in norse mythology , andvaranaut ( andvari 's gift ) , first owned by andvari , is a magical ring that can make gold . 
Gudrun ::   gudrun is a major figure in early germanic literature that is centred on the hero sigurd , son of sigmund . 
Grimhild ::   in norse mythology , grimhild or grímhildr ( " masked battle " ) was a beautiful but evil woman . 
Supercavitation ::   supercavitation is the use of cavitation effects to create a bubble of steam inside a liquid large enough to encompass an object travelling through the liquid , greatly reducing the skin friction drag on the object and enabling achievement of very high speeds . 
Alberich ::   in the middle high german " nibelungenlied " , alberich is a dwarf , who guards the treasure of the nibelungen , but is overcome by siegfried . 
Tyrfing ::   tyrfing , tirfing or tyrving ( the name is of uncertain origin , possibly connected to the terwingi ) was a magic sword in norse mythology , which features in the tyrfing cycle , which includes a poem from the " poetic edda " called " hervararkviða " , and the hervarar saga . 
Alfhild ::   álfhildr was the name of several women in norse mythology and legend . 
Prophecy ::   prophecy involves a process in which one or more messages are allegedly communicated by a god . 
Orwellian ::   " orwellian " is seen as an adjective describing a situation , idea , or societal condition that george orwell identified as being destructive to the welfare of a free and open society . 
Svalinn ::   in norse mythology , svalinn is a legendary shield which stands before the sun . 
Viðfinnr ::   in norse mythology , viðfinnr ( " wood - finn " ) is the father of hjúki and bil , a brother and sister who , according to " gylfaginning " , were taken up from the earth by máni , the personified moon , as they were fetching water from the well byrgir . 
WEB ::   web is a computer programming system created by donald e. knuth as the first implementation of what he called " literate programming " : the idea that one could create software as works of literature , by embedding source code inside descriptive text , rather than the reverse ( as is common practice in most programming languages ) , in an order that is convenient for exposition to human readers , rather than in the order demanded by the compiler . 
CWEB ::   cweb is a computer programming system created by donald knuth and silvio levy as a follow - up to knuth 's web literate programming system , using the c programming language ( and to a lesser extent the c++ and java programming languages ) instead of pascal . 
ChatZilla ::   chatzilla is an irc client for mozilla - based browsers such as firefox , introduced in 2000 . 
ISCSI ::   in computing , iscsi ( ) is an acronym for internet small computer systems interface , an internet protocol ( ip)-based storage networking standard for linking data storage facilities . 
Ninjutsu ::   , sometimes used interchangeably with the modern term , is the strategy and tactics of unconventional warfare , guerrilla warfare and espionage purportedly practiced by the " shinobi " ( commonly known outside japan as ninja ) . 
Þrúðr ::   þrúðr ( old norse for " strength " ) , sometimes anglicized as thrúd or thrud , is a daughter of the major god thor in norse mythology . 
Alvíss ::   alvíss ( " all - wise " ) was a dwarf in norse mythology . 
Andhrímnir ::   andhrímnir ( old norse " the one exposed to soot " a combination of ' and- ' and ' hrīm ' ) is the chef of the æsir and einherjar in norse mythology . 
Sæhrímnir ::   in norse mythology , sæhrímnir is the creature killed and eaten every night by the æsir and einherjar . 
Eldhrímnir ::   in norse mythology , eldhrímnir ( old norse " fire - sooty " ) is the cauldron in which the cook of the gods , andhrímnir , prepares sæhrímnir every evening . 
Heiðrún ::   heiðrún is a goat in norse mythology , which consumes the foliage of the tree læraðr and produces mead for the einherjar . 
Carillon ::   a carillon ( or ; ) is a musical instrument that is typically housed in the bell tower ( belfry ) of a church or municipal building . 
Amphibious ::   amphibious means able to use either land or water . 
Oryza ::   oryza is a genus of plants in the grass family . 
Snowshoe ::   a snowshoe is footwear for walking over snow . 
Hordeum ::   hordeum is a genus of annual and perennial plants in the grass family . 
Avena ::   avena is a genus of eurasian and african plants in the grass family . 
Bambusa ::   bambusa is a large genus of clumping bamboos . 
Secale ::   secale is a genus of the triticeae tribe containing grasses that are related to barley ( " hordeum " ) and wheat ( " triticum " ) . 
Andvari ::   in norse mythology , andvari ( old norse " careful one " ) is a dwarf who lives underneath a waterfall and has the power to change himself into a fish at will . 
Bujinkan ::   the bujinkan ( 武神館 ) is an international martial arts organization based in japan and headed by masaaki hatsumi . 
Passions ::   passions is an american television soap opera that originally aired on nbc from july 5 , 1999 to september 7 , 2007 , and on the directv - exclusive the 101 network from september 17 , 2007 to august 7 , 2008 . 
BLT ::   a blt ( bacon , lettuce , and tomato ) is a type of bacon sandwich . 
Svaðilfari ::   in norse mythology , svaðilfari ( old norse perhaps " unlucky traveler " ; derived from old norse ' svað ' : ' slippery ' - cf . 
Savoie ::   savoie (; arpitan : " savouè " , italian : " savoia " , english : " savoy " ) is a french department in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region of the french alps . 
Fennesz ::   christian fennesz ( born 25 december 1962 ) is an austrian guitarist and composer active in electronic music , often credited on recordings simply as fennesz . 
Electronica ::   electronica is an umbrella term that encompasses a broad group of electronic - based styles such as techno , house , ambient , drum and bass , jungle , and industrial dance , among others . 
Tresor ::   tresor ( german for safe or vault ) is an underground techno nightclub in berlin and a record label . 
Yawara ::   the yawara ( also called pasak or dulodulo in filipino martial arts ) is a japanese weapon used in various martial arts . 
Nose-picking ::   nose - picking is the act of extracting nasal mucus with one 's finger ( rhinotillexis ) and may include the succeeding action of ingesting the mucus picked from the nose ( mucophagy ) . 
Warrenton ::   warrenton is the name of several places worldwide : 
Askafroa ::   the askafroa ( ) also known as the danish askefrue and german eschenfrau , is a type of legendary creature in scandinavian and german folklore , similar to the greek hamadryads . 
Fitchburg ::   fitchburg is the name of some places in the united states of america : 
Astrild ::   astrild ( from old norse : " love - fire " ) is a relatively late nordic name for amor or cupid . 
Ymir ::   in norse mythology , ymir , aurgelmir , brimir , or bláinn is the ancestor of all jötnar . 
Auðumbla ::   auðumbla ( also spelled " auðumla " , " auðhumbla " , and " auðhumla " ) is a primeval cow appearing in norse mythology . 
Búri ::   búri ( or buri ) was the first god in norse mythology . 
Bestla ::   in norse mythology , bestla ( ) is the mother of the gods odin , vili and vé by way of borr , the sister of an unnamed being who assisted odin , and the daughter or , depending on source , granddaughter of the jötunn bölþorn . 
Bölþorn ::   bölþorn ( old norse " evil thorn " ) is a frost giant in norse mythology . 
Langres ::   langres ( ) is a commune in northeastern france . 
Marquetry ::   marquetry ( also spelled as marqueterie ; from the french " marqueter " , to varigate ) is the art and craft of applying pieces of veneer to a structure to form decorative patterns , designs or pictures . 
Haute-Marne ::   haute - marne ( ) is a department in the northeast of france named after the marne river . 
Accipitridae ::   the accipitridae , one of the four families within the order accipitriformes ( the others being cathartidae , pandionidae and sagittariidae ) , are a family of small to large birds with strongly hooked bills and variable morphology based on diet . 
Nepr ::   in norse mythology , nepr ( anglicized as nep ) is the father of the goddess nanna , according to snorri sturluson 's " gylfaginning " only . 
Váli ::   in norse mythology , váli is a son of the god odin and the giantess rindr . 
Þrúðgelmir ::   in norse mythology , þrúðgelmir (; old norse " strength yeller " ) is a frost giant , the son of the primordial giant aurgelmir ( who snorri sturluson in " gylfaginning " identifies with ymir ) , and the father of bergelmir . 
Bergelmir ::   in norse mythology , bergelmir ( ; old norse " mountain yeller " or " bear yeller " ) is a frost giant , the son of giant þrúðgelmir and the grandson of ymir ( who was called aurgelmir among giants ) , the first frost giant , according to stanza 29 of the poem " vafthrudnismal " from the " poetic edda " : according to the " gylfaginning " section of the " prose edda " by snorri sturluson , bergelmir and his wife alone among the giants were the only survivors of the enormous deluge of blood which flowed from ymir 's wounds when he was killed by odin and his brothers vili and vé . 
Beyla ::   beyla is one of freyr 's servants along with her husband , byggvir , in norse mythology . 
Byggvir ::   byggvir is a figure in norse mythology . 
NewsRadio ::   newsradio is an american television sitcom that aired on nbc from 1995 to 1999 , focusing on the work lives of the staff of an am news station . 
Borghild ::   in norse mythology , borghild was the first wife of sigmund . 
MP/M ::   mp / m ( multi - programming monitor control program ) is a discontinued multi - user version of the cp / m operating system , created by digital research developer tom rolander in 1979 . 
Cornucopia ::   in classical antiquity , the cornucopia ( from latin " cornu copiae " ) or horn of plenty was a symbol of abundance and nourishment , commonly a large horn - shaped container overflowing with produce , flowers or nuts . 
Luganda ::   luganda , or ganda ( , " oluganda " ) , is one of the major languages in uganda and is spoken by five million baganda and other people principally in southern uganda , including the capital kampala . 
Ratio ::   in mathematics , a ratio is a relationship between two numbers indicating how many times the first number contains the second . 
Superdupont ::   superdupont is a french comic strip created in 1972 by marcel gotlib and jacques lob , with the collaboration of alexis . 
Bylgia ::   bylgia is an extinct genus of prawns in the family penaeidae , containing 4 species . 
Stoat ::   the stoat ( " mustela erminea " ) , also known as the short - tailed weasel , is a mammal of the genus " mustela " of the family mustelidae native to eurasia and north america , distinguished from the least weasel by its larger size and longer tail with a prominent black tip . 
Transputer ::   the transputer was a series of pioneering microprocessors of the 1980s , featuring integrated memory and serial communication links , intended for parallel computing . 
Posidonius ::   posidonius ( greek : ποσειδώνιος , " poseidonios " , meaning " of poseidon " ) " of apameia " ( ὁ ἀπαμεύς ) or " of rhodes " ( ὁ ῥόδιος ) ( c. 135 bce – c. 51 bce ) , was a greek stoic philosopher , politician , astronomer , geographer , historian and teacher native to apamea , syria . 
Antiproton ::   the antiproton , , ( pronounced " p - bar " ) is the antiparticle of the proton . 
Dagr ::   in norse mythology , dagr ( old norse " day " ) is day personified . 
Dellingr ::   in norse mythology , dellingr ( old norse possibly " the dayspring " or " shining one " ) is a god . 
Nótt ::   in norse mythology , nótt ( old norse " night " ) is night personified , grandmother of thor . 
Annar ::   in norse mythology , according to the " gylfaginning " , annar ( old norse annarr ' second , another ' ) is the father of jörð ( mother earth ) by nótt ( the night ) . 
Pahang ::   pahang (; jawi : ڤهڠ ) , officially pahang darul makmur with the arabic honorific " darul makmur " ( jawi : دار المعمور , " the abode of tranquility " ) is a sultanate and a federal state of malaysia . 
Naglfari ::   in norse mythology , naglfari is the father of auðr by the personified night , nótt . 
Dvalinn ::   in norse mythology , dvalinn is a dwarf who appears in several old norse tales and kennings . 
Gullinkambi ::   in norse mythology , gullinkambi ( old norse " golden comb " ) is a rooster who lives in valhalla . 
Einherjar ::   in norse mythology , the einherjar ( old norse " single ( or once ) fighters " ) are those who have died in battle and are brought to valhalla by valkyries . 
Eisa ::   eisa or eisa can have several meanings : 
Elli ::   in norse mythology ( a subset of germanic mythology ) , elli ( old norse " old age " ) is a personification of old age who , in the " prose edda " book " gylfaginning " , defeats thor in a wrestling match . 
Gleipnir ::   in norse mythology , gleipnir ( old norse " open one " ) is the binding that holds the mighty wolf fenrir ( as attested in chapter 34 of the " prose edda " book " gylfaginning " ) . 
Fólkvangr ::   in norse mythology , fólkvangr ( old norse " field of the host " or " people - field " or " army - field " ) is a meadow or field ruled over by the goddess freyja where half of those that die in combat go upon death , while the other half go to the god odin in valhalla . 
Sessrúmnir ::   in norse mythology , sessrúmnir ( old norse " seat - room " or " seat - roomer " ) is both the goddess freyja 's hall located in fólkvangr , a field where freyja receives half of those who die in battle , and also the name of a ship . 
Hildisvíni ::   hildisvíni ( “ battle swine ” ) is freyja 's boar in norse mythology . 
Fensalir ::   in norse mythology , fensalir ( old norse " fen halls " ) is a location where the goddess frigg dwells . 
Near-sightedness ::   near - sightedness , also known as short - sightedness and myopia , is a condition of the eye where light focuses in front of , instead of on , the retina . 
Oden ::   oden was originally what is now commonly called " misodengaku " or simply " dengaku ; konnyaku " or tofu was boiled and eaten with miso . 
Garmr ::   in norse mythology , garmr or garm ( old norse " rag " ) is a wolf or dog associated with both hel and ragnarök , and described as a blood - stained guardian of hel 's gate . 
Thunderbolt ::   a thunderbolt or lightning bolt is a symbolic representation of lightning when accompanied by a loud thunderclap . 
Baden-Baden ::   baden - baden is a spa town , located in the state of baden - württemberg in southwestern germany . 
Schiedam ::   schiedam ( ) is a city and municipality in the province of south holland in the netherlands . 
DM ::   dm , dm , dm , or d.m. may stand for : 
L0pht ::   l0pht heavy industries ( pronounced " loft " ) was a hacker collective active between 1992 and 2000 and located in the boston , massachusetts area . 
Bilge ::   the bilge ( ipa : /bɪldʒ/ ) is the lowest compartment on a ship or seaplane , below the waterline , where the two sides meet at the keel . 
Thameslink ::   thameslink is a 68-station main - line route in the british railway system running north to south through london from bedford to brighton , serving both gatwick and luton airports , with a suburban loop serving sutton , mitcham and and a suburban line via and to . 
Tuvok ::   tuvok is a fictional character in the " star trek " media franchise . 
Apsis ::   an apsis (; plural apsides , greek : ἁψῖδες ) is an extreme point in an object 's orbit . 
Matthias ::   matthias is a name derived from the greek ματθιας , in origin similar to matthew . 
Splashdown ::   splashdown is the method of landing a spacecraft by parachute in a body of water . 
Hautes-Pyrénées ::   hautes - pyrénées ( ) ( gascon / occitan : " nauts pirenèus / hauts pirenèus " [ ' awts piɾeˈnɛʊs ] ; ; [ ' alts piɾiˈneʊs ] ) is a department in southwestern france . 
Carmel ::   carmel in the bible refers to two distinct places : the word carmel ( hebrew language : כַּרְמֶל ) means " fresh " ( planted ) , or " vineyard " ( planted ) and karmiel ( ) is a portmanteau meaning " " god 's vineyard " " . 
Bellevue ::   bellevue means " beautiful view " in french . 
Folkestone ::   folkestone is a port town on the english channel , in kent , south - east england . 
Geirröd ::   in norse mythology , geirröd was a jötunn and the father of the giantesses gjálp and greip . 
Gerðr ::   in norse mythology , gerðr ( old norse " fenced - in " ) is a jötunn , goddess , and the wife of the god freyr . 
Sochi ::   sochi ( ) is a city in krasnodar krai , russia , located on the black sea coast near the border between georgia / abkhazia and russia . 
Glaðsheimr ::   in norse mythology , glaðsheimr ( old norse " bright home " ) is a realm in asgard where odin 's hall of valhalla is located according to " grímnismál " . 
Glen ::   a glen is a valley , typically one that is long , deep and often glacially u - shaped , or one with a watercourse running through it . 
Sköll ::   in norse mythology , sköll ( old norse " treachery " ) is a warg that chases the horses árvakr and alsviðr , that drag the chariot which contains the sun ( sól ) through the sky every day , trying to eat her . 
Mundilfari ::   in norse mythology mundilfari ( old norse , possibly " the one moving according to particular times " ) is the father of sól , goddess associated with the sun , and máni , associated with the moon . 
Gullveig ::   in norse mythology , gullveig is a being who was speared by the æsir , burnt three times , and yet thrice reborn . 
Galvanism ::   in biology , galvanism is the contraction of a muscle that is stimulated by an electric current . 
Showtunes ::   showtunes is the result of collaboration between stephin merritt with chen shi - zheng on three pieces of musical theatre ; " orphan of zhao " ( 2003 ) , " peach blossom fan " ( 2004 ) , and " my life as a fairy tale " ( 2005 ) . 
Athame ::   an athame or athamé ( , or ) is a ceremonial blade , generally with a black handle . 
Obfuscation ::   obfuscation is the obscuring of the intended meaning of communication by making the message difficult to understand , usually with confusing and ambiguous language . 
Flensburg ::   flensburg ( , low saxon : " flensborg " , north frisian : " flansborj " , south jutlandic : " flensborre " ) is an independent town ( " kreisfreie stadt " ) in the north of the german state of schleswig - holstein . 
AppleScript ::   applescript is a scripting language created by apple inc. and built into the classic mac os since system 7 and into all versions of macos . 
Éljúðnir ::   in norse mythology , éljúðnir ( sometimes anglicized to eljudnir ) is hel 's hall located in niflheim as described in chapter 34 of snorri sturluson 's prose edda in the book " gylfaginning " . 
Ganglot ::   in norse mythology , ganglot ( " tardy " ) was hel 's maidservant in the norse underworld . 
Þökk ::   þǫkk ( old norse " thanks " ) is a jǫtunn in norse mythology , presumed to be loki in disguise , who refuses to weep for the slain baldr , thus forcing him to stay in hel . 
Hermóðr ::   hermóðr the brave ( old norse " war - spirit " , anglicized as hermod ) is a figure in norse mythology , a son of the god odin . 
Hœnir ::   in norse mythology , hœnir is one of the æsir . 
Vígríðr ::   in norse mythology , vígríðr or óskópnir is a large field foretold to host a battle between the forces of the gods and the forces of surtr as part of the events of ragnarök . 
Chilaquiles ::   chilaquiles ( ) from the nahuatl word " chīlāquilitl " is a traditional mexican dish . 
Naglfar ::   in norse mythology , naglfar or naglfari ( old norse " nail ship " ) is a boat made entirely from the fingernails and toenails of the dead . 
Hymir ::   in norse mythology , hymir is a giant , husband of the giantess hroðr and according to the eddic poem " hymiskviða " the father of the god týr . 
Hroðr ::   in norse mythology , hroðr ( old norse " famed " ) is a female jötunn ( giantess ) friendly to the æsir and the wife of the jötunn hymir . 
Iðunn ::   in norse mythology , iðunn is a goddess associated with apples and youth . 
Þjazi ::   in norse mythology , þjazi ( anglicized as thiazi , thjazi , tjasse or thiassi ) was a giant . 
Phosphorous ::   phosphorous can refer to : 
