theotokos :: theotokos ( greek ) is a title of mary , mother of god , used especially in eastern christianity . 
chrysoberyl :: the mineral or gemstone chrysoberyl is an aluminate of beryllium with the formula bealo. the name chrysoberyl is derived from the greek words χρυσός " chrysos " and βήρυλλος " beryllos " , meaning " a gold - white spar " . 
biodiversity :: biodiversity , a portmanteau of " bio " ( life ) and " diversity " , generally refers to the variety and variability of life on earth . 
buzzkunst :: buzzkunst is the first and , to date , only studio album by former buzzcocks members pete shelley and howard devoto , under the name shelleydevoto . 
isoleucine :: isoleucine ( abbreviated as ile or i ) encoded by the codons att , atc , ata is an α-amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins . 
hitchhiking :: hitchhiking ( also known as thumbing , hitching , or autostop ) is a means of transportation that is gained by asking people , usually strangers , for a ride in their automobile or other vehicle . 
shrub :: a shrub or bush is a small to medium - sized woody plant . 
morta :: morta ( died c. 1263 ) was wife of mindaugas , the first known ruler of the grand duchy of lithuania . 
pandrosus :: pandrosos or pandrosus ( ancient greek : πάνδροσος ) was known in greek myth as one of the three daughters of kekrops , the first king of athens , along with her sisters aglauros and herse . 
monism :: monism is the view that attributes oneness or singleness ( greek : μόνος ) to a concept ( e.g. , existence ) . 
gravy :: gravy is a sauce often made from the juices of meats that run naturally during cooking and tightened with wheat flour or cornstarch for added texture . 
provirus :: a provirus is a virus genome that is integrated into the dna of a host cell . 
lyrics :: lyrics are words that make up a song usually consisting of verses and choruses . 
maenad :: in greek mythology , maenads (; ) were the female followers of dionysus and the most significant members of the thiasus , the god 's retinue . 
azerbaijan :: azerbaijan ( , or ; ] ) , officially the republic of azerbaijan ( ] ) , is a country in the south caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of southwest asia and southeastern europe . 
ammonia :: ammonia or azane is a compound of nitrogen and hydrogen with the formula nh . 
retronym :: a retronym is a word created to differentiate between two words , where previously no clarification was required . 
abbess :: in christianity , an abbess ( latin " abbatissa " , feminine form of " abbas , " abbot ) is the female superior of a community of nuns , which is often an abbey . 
apocrypha :: apocrypha are works , usually written , of unknown authorship or of doubtful origin . 
placenta :: the " ' placenta " is an organ that connects the developing fetus to the uterine wall to allow nutrient uptake , thermo - regulation , waste elimination , and gas exchange via the mother 's blood supply ; to fight against internal infection ; and to produce hormones which support pregnancy . 
lutetium :: lutetium is a chemical element with symbol lu and atomic number 71 . 
dido :: dido ( , ) was , according to ancient greek and roman sources , the founder and first queen of carthage ( modern - day tunisia ) . 
amraphel :: in the hebrew bible , amraphel ( " ’amrāp̄el " ) was a king of shinar ( sumer ) in genesis 14 , who invaded canaan along with other kings under the leadership of chedorlaomer , king of elam . 
quran :: the quran (; ' , literally meaning " the recitation " ; also romanized qur'an or koran " ' ) is the central religious text of islam , which muslims believe to be a revelation from god ( " allah " ) . 
mores :: mores ( sometimes ; from latin " mōrēs " , , plural form of singular " mōs " , meaning " manner " , " custom " , " usage " , " habit " ) was introduced from english into american english by william graham sumner ( 1840–1910 ) , an early u.s. sociologist , to refer to social norms that are widely observed and are considered to have greater moral significance than others . 
ares :: ares (; ) is the greek god of war . 
nickel :: nickel is a chemical element with symbol ni and atomic number 28 . 
lesbian :: a lesbian is a female homosexual : a female who experiences romantic love or sexual attraction to other females . 
rhyolite :: rhyolite is an igneous , volcanic rock , of felsic ( silica - rich ) composition ( typically > 69% sio – see the tas classification ) . 
blog :: a blog ( a truncation of the expression " weblog " ) is a discussion or informational website published on the world wide web consisting of discrete , often informal diary - style text entries ( " posts " ) . 
coconut :: the coconut tree ( " cocos nucifera " ) is a member of the family arecaceae ( palm family ) and the only species of the genus " cocos " . 
hordeum :: hordeum is a genus of annual and perennial plants in the grass family . 
pomerania :: pomerania (; german and swedish : " pommern " ; kashubian : " pòmòrskô " ) is a region on the southern shore of the baltic sea in central europe , split between germany and poland . 
isolationism :: isolationism is a category of foreign policies institutionalized by leaders who asserted that their nations ' best interests were best served by keeping the affairs of other countries at a distance . 
neper :: the neper ( symbol : np ) is a logarithmic unit for ratios of measurements of physical field and power quantities , such as gain and loss of electronic signals . 
acridine :: acridine is an organic compound and a nitrogen heterocycle with the formula chn . 
engagement :: an engagement , betrothal , or fiancer is a promise to we d , and also the period of time between a marriage proposal and a marriage . 
cucurbitaceae :: the cucurbitaceae , also called cucurbits and the gourd family , are a plant family consisting of about 965 species in around 95 genera , the most important of which are : the plants in this family are grown around the tropics and in temperate areas , where those with edible fruits were among the earliest cultivated plants both in the old and new worlds . 
berry :: in everyday language , a berry is a small , pulpy , and often edible fruit . 
zutphen :: zutphen ( ) is a dutch city located in the province of gelderland . 
tantra :: tantra ( sanskrit : तन्त्र ; literally " loom , weave , system " ) denotes the esoteric traditions of hinduism and buddhism that co - developed most likely about the middle of 1st millennium ce . 
wharf :: a wharf , quay ( , also or ) , staith or staithe is a structure on the shore of a harbor or on the bank of a river or canal where ships may dock to load and unload cargo or passengers . 
aradia :: aradia is one of the principal figures in the american folklorist charles godfrey leland 's 1899 work " aradia , or the gospel of the witches " , which he believed to be a genuine religious text used by a group of pagan witches in tuscany , a claim that has subsequently been disputed by other folklorists and historians . 
ur :: ur ( sumerian : " urim " ; sumerian cuneiform : or ; akkadian : " uru " ; ) was an important sumerian city - state in ancient mesopotamia , located at the site of modern tell el - muqayyar ( ) in south iraq 's dhi qar governorate . 
reversi :: reversi is a strategy board game for two players , played on an 8×8 uncheckered board . 
avignon :: avignon (; ; , ) is a commune in south - eastern france in the department of vaucluse on the left bank of the rhône river . 
muskellunge :: the muskellunge " ( esox masquinongy ) " , also known as muskelunge , muscallonge , milliganong , or maskinonge ( and often abbreviated " muskie " or " musky " ) , is a species of large , relatively uncommon freshwater fish native to north america . 
haute-marne :: haute - marne ( ) is a department in the northeast of france named after the marne river . 
perestroika :: perestroika ( ) was a political movement for reformation within the communist party of the soviet union during the 1980s until 1991 widely associated with soviet leader mikhail gorbachev and his glasnost ( meaning " openness " ) policy reform . 
cardinality :: in mathematics , the cardinality of a set is a measure of the " number of elements of the set " . 
asymptote :: in analytic geometry , an asymptote ( ) of a curve is a line such that the distance between the curve and the line approaches zero as one or both of the " x " or " y " coordinates tends to infinity . 
renminbi :: the renminbi ( ab . : rmb ; ; sign : 元 ; code : cny ) is the official currency of the people 's republic of china . 
welwitschia :: welwitschia is a monotypic gymnosperm genus , comprising solely the distinctive " welwitschia mirabilis " . 
dragon :: a dragon is a legendary creature , typically scaled or fire - spewing and with serpentine , reptilian or avian traits , that features in the myths of many cultures around world . 
flute :: the flute is a family of musical instruments in the woodwind group . 
greenland :: greenland (; , ; , ) is an autonomous constituent country within the kingdom of denmark between the arctic and atlantic oceans , east of the canadian arctic archipelago . 
catia :: catia ( an acronym of computer aided three - dimensional interactive application , pronounced ) is a multi - platform software suite for computer - aided design ( cad ) , computer - aided manufacturing ( cam ) , computer - aided engineering ( cae ) , plm and 3d , developed by the french company dassault systèmes . 
aloe :: aloe ( or ) , also written " aloë " , is a genus containing over 500 species of flowering succulent plants . 
thrasybulus :: thrasybulus (; , " thrasyboulos " ; " brave - willed " ; c. 440 – 388 bc ) was an athenian general and democratic leader . 
surcoat :: a surcoat or surcote initially was an outer garment commonly worn in the middle ages by both men and women in western europe . 
carboniferous :: the carboniferous is a geologic period and system that spans 60 million years from the end of the devonian period million years ago ( mya ) , to the beginning of the permian period , mya . 
kesgrave :: kesgrave is a small town containing two large estates in the english county of suffolk on the eastern edge of ipswich . 
kiosk :: a kiosk ( , ) is a small , separated garden pavilion open on some or all sides . 
farmer :: a farmer ( also called an agriculturer ) is a person engaged in agriculture , raising living organisms for food or raw materials . 
flood :: a flood is an overflow of water that submerges land that is usually dry . 
analysis :: analysis is the process of breaking a complex topic or substance into smaller parts in order to gain a better understanding of it . 
connacht :: connacht or connaught ( or " cúige chonnacht " ) is one of the provinces of ireland , situated in the west of the country . 
felsic :: in geology , felsic refers to igneous rocks that are relatively rich in elements that form feldspar and quartz . 
knidos :: knidos or cnidus (; , ) was an ancient greek city of caria and part of the dorian hexapolis , in south - western asia minor , modern - day turkey . 
uzzi :: uzzi ( hebrew עוזי " ` oozy " ) is a biblical name meaning " my strength " . 
alope :: alopê ( ) was in greek mythology a mortal woman , the daughter of cercyon , known for her great beauty . 
robyn :: robin miriam carlsson ( born 12 june 1979 ) , known as robyn , is a swedish singer , songwriter and record producer . 
bain-marie :: a bain - marie (; also known as a water bath or double boiler ) , a type of heated bath , is a piece of equipment used in science , industry , and cooking to heat materials gently and gradually to fixed temperatures , or to keep materials warm over a period of time . 
sonoluminescence :: sonoluminescence is the emission of short bursts of light from imploding bubbles in a liquid when excited by sound . 
acropolis :: an acropolis ( [ ancient greek ] ] : ἀκρόπολις , " akrópolis " ; from " ákros " ( άκρος ) or " ákron " ( άκρον ) " highest , topmost , outermost " and " pólis " " city " ; plural in english : " acropoles " , " acropoleis " or " acropolises " ) is a settlement , especially a citadel , built upon an area of elevated ground — frequently a hill with precipitous sides , chosen for purposes of defense . 
cresphontes :: in greek mythology , cresphontes was a son of aristomachus , husband of merope , and brother of temenus and aristodemus . 
angiogenesis :: angiogenesis is the physiological process through which new blood vessels form from pre - existing vessels . 
erebus :: in greek mythology , erebus , also erebos ( , " deep darkness , shadow " ) , was often conceived as a primordial deity , representing the personification of darkness ; for instance , hesiod 's " theogony " identifies him as one of the first five beings in existence , born of chaos . 
saverne :: saverne ( , ; alsatian : " zàwere " ; ( german : ) ) is a commune in the bas - rhin department in grand est in north - eastern france . 
elijah :: elijah ( , meaning " my god is yahu / jah " ) or elias (; " elías " ; " elyāe " ; arabic : إلياس or إليا , " ilyās " or " ilyā " ) was a prophet and a miracle worker who lived in the northern kingdom of israel during the reign of ahab ( 9th century bc ) , according to the books of kings in the hebrew bible . 
emergence :: in philosophy , systems theory , science , and art , emergence is a phenomenon whereby larger entities arise through interactions among smaller or simpler entities such that the larger entities exhibit properties the smaller / simpler entities do not exhibit . 
bofors :: bofors ab is a swedish arms manufacturer . 
tempera :: tempera ( ) , also known as egg tempera , is a permanent , fast - drying painting medium consisting of colored pigments mixed with a water - soluble binder medium ( usually a glutinous material such as egg yolk or some other size ) . 
cartimandua :: cartimandua or cartismandua ( reigned ) was a 1st - century queen of the brigantes , a celtic people living in what is now northern england . 
mean :: in mathematics , mean has several different definitions depending on the context . 
spirituality :: traditionally , spirituality refers to a religious process of re - formation which " aims to recover the original shape of man , " oriented at " the image of god " as exemplified by the founders and sacred texts of the religions of the world . 
mozambique :: mozambique ( or ) , officially the republic of mozambique ( or " " , ) is a country in southeast africa bordered by the indian ocean to the east , tanzania to the north , malawi and zambia to the northwest , zimbabwe to the west , and swaziland and south africa to the southwest . 
advogato :: advogato was an online community and social networking site dedicated to free software development , and was created by raph levien . 
varese :: varese ( , latin " baretium " , archaic , " varés " in varesino ) is a city and " comune " in north - western lombardy , northern italy , north of milan . 
art :: art is a diverse range of human activities in creating visual , auditory or performing artifacts ( artworks ) , expressing the author 's imaginative or technical skill , intended to be appreciated for their beauty or emotional power . 
danelaw :: the danelaw ( , also known as the danelagh ; old english : " dena lagunema " ; ) , as recorded in the " anglo - saxon chronicle " , is a historical name given to the part of england in which the laws of the danes held sway and dominated those of the anglo - saxons . 
koalang :: koalang is a term coined by janusz a. zajdel , a polish science fiction writer . 
ancylopoda :: ancylopoda is a group of browsing , herbivorous , mammals in the perissodactyla that show long , curved and cleft claws . 
dimension :: in physics and mathematics , the dimension of a mathematical space ( or object ) is informally defined as the minimum number of coordinates needed to specify any point within it . 
hasdingi :: the hasdingi were the southern tribes of the vandals , an east germanic tribe . 
creidhne :: in irish mythology , credne ( old irish ) or creidhne ( modern irish – pronounced " creynya " ) was a son of brigid and tuireann and the goldsmith of the tuatha dé danann , but he also worked with bronze and brass . 
benthesikyme :: benthesikyme or benthesicyme ( βενθεσικύμη , from βένθος " ( sea ) depth " and κῦμα " wave " ) in greek mythology , according to the " bibliotheca " , was a daughter of poseidon and amphitrite and wife of enalos , by whom she had two daughters . 
zope :: zope is a community project concerned with a free and open - source , object - oriented web application server written in the python programming language . 
ilyushin :: open joint stock company ilyushin aviation complex , operating as ilyushin ( ilyushin ) ( ) or ilyushin design bureau , is a russian aircraft manufacturer and design bureau , founded by sergey vladimirovich ilyushin . 
felony :: the term felony , in some common law countries , means a serious crime . 
